0,subjectivity,1
"Instead of saying clearly that the models prove that humans cause global warming, they have to talk with forked tongues with such phrases as: This experiment showed that the projections of climate models are consistent with recorded temperature trends over recent decades only if human impacts are included.",,5_2
"A paper in press for the journal Tellus finds the best estimate"" of climate sensitivity to CO2 is about 33% less than estimated by the IPCC. According to the authors, the best estimate of transient climatesensitivityis 1.5C for a doubling of CO2 levels, and equilibrium climate sensitivity about 2C. The paper finds a lower bound on equilibrium climate sensitivity of 1.16C per doubling of CO2. The paper a dds to many recent peer-reviewed papers finding climate sensitivity to CO2 is significantly less than claimed by the IPCC .""",,3_1
caused by factors (as food or a traumatic factor) or an agent (as a disease-producing organism) from outside the organism or system.,,0_0
"While discussing extreme weather, including simultaneous extended periods of cold and unprecedented winter warmth, climate alarmist Michael Mann of Penn State University said that connections to climate change were a speculative and genuinely controversial area of the science.",,1_7
Michael Barone on the changing demographic of urban America;,,0_0
"But there was one player that the White House doesn't seem to have fully taken into account: Vladimir Putin. It's doubtful that at this point President Obama retains many of the optimistic illusions that marked the early stages of his Russia policy: the naive hopes that Medvedev might offer a serious alternative to Putin, the belief that Putin was angry only because of errors on our part, the belief that he is a geopolitical bumbler whose serial errors would soon trip him up. Those mists and fogs have (finally, after many lost months and years) burned away, but the White House may not yet understand the degree to which humiliating President Obama and making him look weak has become a principle driver of Russian policy.",,0_0
"4. Given that many of these models predicted warming trends well before China surpassed the United States as the largest GHG emitter, and given the fact that emissions continue to grow at a pace beyond what was originally incorporated into the models, shouldnt the warming be far worse than what was predicted in the worst case scenarios rather than well below predictions?",,5_1
Dennis T. Avery's Official Challenge to Al Gore,,0_0
"The statistics for 2004 and 2005 may look ominous at first blush, but we have no way of knowing how the remainder of the decade will ultimately pan out. With annual landfalling hurricane counts of 0, 1, 2, 6 and 6 for the period 2001-2005, it could be a big decade -- or not.",,0_0
"CO2 by itself does not trap enough heat to account for 20th century warming. The CO2 warming theory depends on a strong water vapor amplification mechanism, where the initial CO2 temperature forcing evaporates water into atmosphere whichg traps yet more heat, creating yet more water vapor, etcetera. As Roy notes, it is this warming and humidifying of the global atmosphere and the resulting acceleration of the hydrologic cycle that creates the upper troposphere hotspot. Ergo, no hotspot means no powerful water vapor amplification mechanism and no CO2-based account of late 20th century warming.",,2_3
"For example, based on data from the Scripps Institution of Oceanography Pier, studies in the 1990s showed that higher temperatures are beneficial for sardine production. By 2010 new studies proved that the temperature correlation was instead a misleading, or mirage, determination.",,3_2
"And furthermore, Hockey Schtick reports on a new paper that shows an ice sheet on the northern tip of Greenland has remained unchanged or grown slightly in the last few years:",,1_1
#31. Key Finding of International Scientific Panel's Analysis of Climate-Change,,0_0
Glacier Scientist: I Knew Data Hadn't Been Verified,,5_1
"Although the authors do not claim to have ???unambiguously established??the MWP in the Antarctic Peninsula (AP),they conclude that their ???ikaite record builds the case that the oscillations of the MWP and LIA are global in their extent and their impact reaches as far South as the Antarctic Peninsula, while prior studies in the AP region have had mixed results.??Their research also indicates that the APmay have beenwarmer during theMWP thanin recent decades:??Our most recent crystals suggest a warming relative to the LIA in the last century, possibly as part of the regional recent rapid warming, but this climatic signature is not yet as extreme in nature as the MWP ?? (emphasis added).",,2_1
"The challenge of forecasting 2110 is readily illustrated by looking back 100 years ago to 1910. Consider what sages a century ago might have guessed about the impact of just a handful of technologies invented circa 1910: the washing machine, vacuum cleaner, vacuum tube, air conditioner, central telephone exchange and airplane.",,0_0
"In summary, the WWF report Worlds Top 10 Rivers at Risk which is making news today, is about 20 years out of date at least with respect to the Murray River. Indeed while numbers of native fish have on average, probably declined since European settlement, with a crash in Murray Cod populations in the early 1960s, there is evidence to suggest numbers of native fish, including the Murray Cod, are now on the increase while invasive species are on the decline. So the WWF has got it all the wrong way around. Then again, they are perhaps more interested in hand-waving than river ecology.",,5_2
Indur Goklany examinesthe World Health Organisations recent report on climate change and findsthat its estimates of future mortality from global warming are grossly exaggerated. Full paper (PDF),,0_0
Image source: National Snow and Ice Data Center via the WUWT sea ice page .,,0_0
US House Committee to Examine Obama Administrations Approach for Enforcing Wildlife Laws and Impacts on U.S. Energy,,0_0
"Appropriate caveats and exceptions are usually delineated in journal articles when using the old methods, but the results are buried in the text, which causes them to be weighed more or less importantly, and which give the reader a false sense of security. Because, in the end, we are left with the suitably highlighted number from equation #3, that comforting exact quantification reached by implementing impressive mathematical methods. That final number, which we can now see is not final at all, is tangible, and is held on to doggedly. All the evidence to the right of the bar is forgotten or downplayed because it is difficult to keep in mind.",,0_0
"Then at BBC on Dec 5 , where the IPCC WG2 author denied any problem:",,5_2
"27 Flynt Leverett and Pierre Noel, The New Axis of Oil,"" National Interest (Summer 2006).""",,0_0
"Nevertheless, a July 22 Washington Post feature breathlessly announced: Inaction on climate change would cause billions, major EPA study finds."" The article quoted EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy saying: ""The results are quite startling and very clear. Left unchecked, climate change affects our health, infrastructure, and outdoors we love. But more importantly the report shows that global action on climate will save lives.""",,0_0
"The protesters are hoping that President Obama will block the $7 billion pipeline. Their rationale: The pipeline will result in major increases in carbon-dioxide emissions, and therefore it must be stopped or catastrophic climate change will ensue. Protest as they might, a State Department report found that the pipeline will not have a major environmental impact.",,0_0
"Horizontal axis is thousands of years before the present. Second graph shows a decrease in El Nino intensity since the Minoan Warm Period 3,000 years ago. Bottom graphs show modern droughts are not unusual or unprecedented.",,1_7
"Finally, does anyone else think that averaging high mountain tundra temperature anomalies with lowland plains anomalies, in order to adjust foothills anomalies, is a method that might work but that it definitely would take careful watching and strict quality control?",,5_1
"A series of international meetings on climate policy were held starting in 1990 and culminating in the Kyoto Protocol of 1997, which called for significant reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. Since then substantial differences have developed between the American and European Union approaches to Kyoto. Dr. Thorning will discuss the economic, political and cultural fctors leading to the differences in climate change policies favored by the U.S. and the E.U. She will also discuss recent changes in the E.U. climate change policy and explore options for a global solution to the potential threat of climate change.",,0_0
"Thompson et al (2009) Identifying signatures of natural climate variability in time series of global-mean surface temperature: Methodology and Insights reinforces the 1945 discontinuity and provide advanced notice of the Hadley Centres intent. They write, THE SST DATA CORRECTED FOR INSTRUMENT CHANGES IN THE MID 20TH CENTURY ARE EXPECTED TO BECOME AVAILABLE IN 2009, and it will be interesting to see how the corrections affect the time history of global-mean temperatures, particularly in the middle part of the century.",,0_0
"Finally ???more than 97% of all actively publishing* climate scientists agree that climate change is real and human caused?? is probably an underestimate, as virtually everyone acknowledges that the surface temperature is warmer than it was, and that multifarious human activities have some influence on climate. Rather, he misses the point well-made by the original Journal article, which is that the rise in surface temperature is clearly below the values first forecast by the UN in 1990. The coreunsettledissue in climate science is the ???sensitivity?? of temperature to carbon dioxide, and there are several independent lines of evidence, including the surface temperature history and the water vapor problems, that argue that it has been substantially overestimated.",,3_1
"Any significant changes in the abundance, distribution, or existence of sea ice will have effects on the number and behavior of these animals and their prey, according to FWS. ""This loss of habitat puts polar bears at risk of becoming endangered in the foreseeable future, the standard established by the ESA for designating a threatened species.""",,0_0
"How has the MWP almost disappeared again, just in time to perhaps go missing in IPCC AR5? Science supplemental information says the average resolution of the 73 paleoclimate series is 160 years, and the median is 120. The proxy selection was deliberately weighted toward low frequency resolution, since the entire Holocene was being assessed. Figure S18c (below) shows there is no statistically valid resolution to the combined proxy set for anything less than 300-year periods. The paper itself said, our temperature stack does not fully resolve variability at periods shorter than 2000 years",,5_1
"Well, we already know that models cant simulate the coupled ocean-atmosphere processes that cause global sea surface temperatures to warm over multidecadal periods. (See the quick overview that follows.) So, the difference between the modeled and observed ratios of land to sea surface temperature warming rates suggests the basic underlying physics within the models are skewed. Skewed is the nicest word I could think to use.",,5_1
"But problems with the GDP measurement exist. Prices may not exist for some goods and services, such as government-provided free health care or family care services, so statisticians have to impute prices to get a more complete GDP measure. Yet imputation is unreliable, given that the necessarily subjective evalu-ations are done by remote statisticians and not by consumers using the services. Additionally, discrepancies arise when the imputed values of these services vary cross-nationally. For instance, many services are valued more highly in Finland than in the United States because in the former the government sector is larger. Not including these services would bias Finland's GDP downward in relative terms.",,0_0
"Divide et Impera -- divide and conquer -- is perhaps the oldest strategic maxim of war, politics, and diplomacy. Businesses succumb to it time and time again. Why?",,0_0
"Were that fact mentioned in Al Gore's movie, the Kyoto Protocol might not survive its second anniversary.",,0_0
"(I would have posted this earlier, but I didnt hear about it until today. For some reason, the national media doesnt seem to have noticed this.)",,0_0
"Thanks to Lyn Jenkins,Dean Koehler and Laurel for these links",,0_0
Tropical Cyclones Making Land-Fall Over Eastern Australia,,0_0
"concentrations will result in broad-scale decreases in the concentrations of all elements essential for plant function and animal nutrition, as proposed by Loladze (2002). They also say their generally opposite results for non-essential trace elements (some of which can be toxic) ""may be applicable to contaminated systems,"" stating that ""elevated CO 2 may, through dilution effects, alleviate aluminum toxicity."" In general, therefore, one could say that elevated CO 2 tends to increase the availability of helpful trace elements, while it tends to decrease the availability of harmful ones. References""",,3_3
"Presidential candidate Mitt Romney understands that achieving this goal requires unleashing American ingenuity, reducing excessive regulatory strangleholds on businesses and working capital, and allowing safe, proven technologies to tap and utilize our vast onshore and offshore deposits of oil, natural gas and other energy riches. He knows we can do all this without sacrificing important environmental values.",,0_0
"Often focused on century-long trends, most climate models failed to predict that the temperature rise would slow, starting around 2 000. Scientists are now intent on figuring out the causes and determining whether the respite will be brief or a more lasting phenomenon.",,1_4
"Here is what the Newcastle wind turbine looks like during the day, note the coal terminal in the background.",,0_0
"In Italy many choices sullenergia, you would not be accepted dallopinione public, if it were not for the theory of greenhouse gases to make them plausible. For example, the Minister THE ENVIRONMENT A. Pecoraro Scanio has provided a plan of 100 million Euros for solar energy. Unfortunately, solar energy costs 10 to 20 times more than coal and nuclear power.",,0_0
"Economic Fundamentalsa growing, sound economy that provides opportunities for wealth creation",,0_0
"A Danish university has fired one of its professors who was critical of wind farms. Acoustics expert Henrik Mller, who is internationally recognised in his field, was ostensibly sacked because he did not generate enough revenue for the university, although some are questioning this explanation.",,0_0
"A new paper published in Biogeosciences finds groundwater and porewater are major sources"" of alkalinity to reefs which are not taken into account by computer models of ocean 'acidification'. The authors "" suggest that porewater and groundwater fluxes of TA should be taken into account in ocean acidification models in order to properly address changing carbonate chemistry within coral reef ecosystems."" Note also that studies in the laboratory of the effect of 'acidification' upon various organisms also fail to consider this moderating ""major source"" of alkalinity.""",,5_1
"I am sure 99.57% of my non-Christian readers will never believe this, but",,0_0
> >> >>adaptation. Such a document should contain a critical,,0_0
"Im exhausted so Im going to bed, I hope the wording is intelligible.",,0_0
"One should not ignore the elephant in the room. Our CO2 graph shows one elephant: the failure of CO2 concentration over the past decade to follow the high trajectory projected by the IPCC on the basis of global emissions similar to todays. As far as we can discover, no one but SPPI has pointed out this phenomenon. Our temperature graph shows another elephant: the 30-year warming trend long enough to matter is again well below what the IPCCs methods would project. If either situation changes, followers of our monthly graphs will be among the first to know. As they say at Fox News, We report: you decide.",,5_1
"Shock, Shock ... the Climate Catastrophe Lobby is Telling Fibs",,0_0
"Lies, Damned Lies, and Embarrassed Global-Warming Liberals",,0_0
"The Supreme Courtcase of Massachusetts v. EPA (April 2, 2007)has set the stage fora policy disaster. Mass v. EPAs second anniversaryrapidly approaches, and in a Power Point presentation leaked to Greenwire last week,EPA reveals how it plans to respondto the Court.But first, some background on the case and the Pandoras Box it has created.",,0_0
"Why did they overestimate ice loss from these glaciers by 50%? The impact of rock debris that covers certain glacier tongues (4) and protects them from solar radiation (and thus from melting) was not taken into account in the previous work. Moreover, their sampling was limited to longitudinal profiles along the center of a few glaciers, which geometrically led to overestimation of ice loss.",,5_1
"A few weeks ago, I wrote that opposition to the Keystone was never about the Ogallala Aquifer. Polluting the water was a simply aconvenienttalking point that might play better with the American public than the true goal, which is to shut down the development of new sources of North American oil. I got a lot of comments and email that I was making this up, but in fact its pretty clear that opposition to the pipeline pre-datedknowledgeeven of its route. Here is a environmental group's presentation from 2008 which advocates opposition to all pipelines (without any reference to their routes) out of the Canadian tar sands as a strategy to halt their development.",,0_0
"The reason why SST, CO2 and LOD correlate so well is that they are all dependent variables. The external driving force is the independent variable. It is the electromagnetic field imposed on the earth which causes motion (rotation) and electromagnetically induced heating. The driving force is nominally from the Sun.",,2_1
"Although critics may well dispute Castles and Henderson's work (the IPCC itself is reviewing it now), at the very least it vividly demonstrates the difficulty of making reliable, long-term projections about such complex matters, and the degree to which outcomes are driven by the assumptions that are used to construct complex forecasting models.",,0_0
"It is great how climate scientists can develop a cause and effect relationship, skipping directly past the cause part.",,0_0
"And, over the last decade, lavishly supported by federal tax policy and handouts guided to it by the powerful Massachusetts Congressional delegation led by Markey, Dow expanded its green"" product line. It began turning out advanced insulation products, diesel engine filters and lithium-ion batteries.""",,0_0
"In fact, at Dartmouth University, Thomas Lovejoy was recently giving a lecture and showing pictures of Amazon land that had been deforested only four to five years before. The regrowth in these areas was verdant and vigorous; the canopy had ascended to a height of nearly 25 feet. In order to study an `island' of rainforest, it must remain isolated, surrounded by cleared land. So when asked if the second growth interfered with his project, Lovejoy jokingly admitted, `Well we have a chain saw.'"" (Dartmouth Review, p.8)""",,0_0
"He says: Temperatures over time have fluctuated while CO 2 levels have remained steady. Whats more, temperature increases have historically led increases in CO 2 levels.",,2_3
"Also, for those who don?t know, we?ve heard that Dr. Mann?s legal bills are being paid by the Climate Science Legal Defense Fund, where we?ve been told there are some deep green pockets contributing, so he isn?t facing bankruptcy, at least not yet.",,0_0
"There is a renewed debate in high places over whether university endowments should divest themselves of their stock holdings in fossil fuel companies. Thus far, most universitiesnotably Harvard, Yale and Brownhave opposed the demand for divestment. Others, like Stanford, have taken steps to reduce their holdings in coal companies, but not other fossil fuels, which like natural gas, pose far less danger to the environment. The University of California system announced that it was still on the fence regarding this key issue.",,0_0
"Now one can read convoluted explanations about how rising CO2 in the atmosphere can cause land surface heating which is then transported over the ocean and causes higher SST. But the interface between ocean and air is well described and measured. Not surprisingly it is the warmer ocean water sending heat into the atmosphere, and not the other way around.",,2_1
"These are among the reasons Congress has rejected nearly 700 climate bills. The Clean Power Plan is the result of the EPA colluding regularly with radical environmentalist pressure groups and circumventing our legislative process, laws and Constitution.",,0_0
"On the other hand, according to the climate models used by the IPCC, the East Pacific sea surface temperatures SHOULD HAVE warmed roughly 0.42 to 0.45 deg C over that period, IF they were warmed by anthropogenic greenhouse gases. Obviously, they havent been warmed by greenhouse gases. Shouldve, wouldve, couldve.",,5_1
It appears that the vertical profile of ocean warming could be a key ingredient in getting a better idea of how sensitive the climate system is to our greenhouse gas emissions. The results here suggests the warming has been considerably weaker than what would be expected for a sensitive climate system.,,3_1
"Now, I suppose that this is vaguely reasonable. At least it is in the right direction, reducing the apparent warming. I say vaguely reasonable because this adjustment is supposed to take care of UHI, the Urban Heat Island effect. As most everyone has experienced driving into any city, the city is usually warmer than the surrounding countryside. UHI is the result of increasing population, with the accompanying changes around the temperature station. More buildings, more roads, more cars, more parking lots, all of these raise the temperature, forming a heat island around the city. The larger the population of the city, the greater the UHI.",,5_1
"It's not just me saying this. As the Chicago Tribune reported on May 18, in 2015 electric bills are set to be about $130 more than they are now."" It went on to say that prices have already significantly risen in the heartland. To quote this article again, ""Prices were higher in northern Ohio and the Mid-Atlantic region, at $357 per megawatt and $167 per megawatt respectively.""",,4_1
The American conservative movement was founded in explicit opposition to the progressive project. It was also founded on the premise that a return to the governing principles of the Founders' Constitution was feasible and desirable. The first principle is anti-progressive; the second is pro-conservative. The dynamics of working- and middle-class attitudes I have outlined above raise the specter that these principles in their pure forms can be politically incompatible.,,0_0
The survey by the University of Michigan and Muhlenberg College says 62 percent of those asked in December think the Earth is getting warmer. Thats up from 55 percent in the spring of that year and 58 percent in December 2010. Its the highest proportion in two years.,,0_0
"At one time, $5 per gallon gas seemed like a far-fetched idea, but that is no longer the case.",,0_0
"Unfortunately, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) wrote a letter to the anti-coal zealots recently announcing that they would direct the Capitol power plant to switch over to run entirely on natural gas. This will increase the cost of the electricity and heat used by the Congress substantially, but the only people for whom this represents an added burden are taxpayers.",,0_0
This post presented how poorly climate models simulate sea surface temperatures during the satellite era. Climate models also do not simulate land surface air temperatures properly in many parts of the globe. They do not simulate precipitation well. Climate models also do not properly simulate long-term variations in global surface temperatures. And there are numerous peer-reviewed papers and journal letters by climate scientists that present many other flaws in climate models. These flaws are collected in my ebook Climate Models Fail . See the post here for an additional overview.,,5_1
"So alarmists began talking about climate change, blaming extreme weather events on human emissions and manipulating temperature data . They say terrible things are happening at unprecedented levels, when they are not.",,5_2
My review was classified ?unsignificant? even I inquired several times. Now the,,0_0
Tenth International Conference on Climate Change a Smashing Success,,0_0
"Virtually every chapter in the Assessment perseverates on extreme weather, despite the U.N.s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change statement that:",,0_0
"And then we could get aggressive about things. We could put our critical infrastructure on a market basis, rather than having it run by inefficient governments. Look at California and New York, facing blackouts now years after the deficiency in energy infrastructure were laid bare by a series of energy crises from California to the eastern seaboard.",,0_0
* Using bucket method only = 0.3 F/decade,,0_0
"So if their explanation is right, the bump near \(2\TeV\) will be growing it may already be growing now: the first Run II results will be announced on EPS-HEP in Vienna, a meeting that starts tomorrow (follow the conference website )! Only about 1 inverse femtobarn of \(13\TeV\) data has been accumulated in 2015 so far much less than 20-30/fb at \(8\TeV\) in 2012. And if the authors of the paper discussed here are right, one more thing is true. The decay channel \(Z\gamma\) of the new particle will soon be detected as well and it will be a smoking gun for low-scale string theory!",,0_0
"The Clinton Administration's economic analysis, which claims that the cost of reducing emissions 31 percent by 2008-2012 will be negligible, relies on the estimated availability of emission credits from Russia. Under the Kyoto Protocol Russia must reduce emissions to 1990 levels by the target date. As a result of its economic collapse, Russia is expected to have excess emission credits to sell in 2008. A new Russian government study, however, estimates that Russia will have between 273 million to 546 million metric tons of carbon equivalent in allowances for the years 2008-2012 which is much lower than previous estimates. Moreover, Russia may decide to bank credits to be applied to emissions reduction targets beyond 2012 that may emerge from the Kyoto Protocol, which could mean higher compliance costs in the U.S. (BNA Daily Environment Report, June 12, 1998).",,0_0
"So is the atmosphere being heated from the top down or from the bottom up? The answer must be both. The Sun is heating mass, but only where there is mass. So the Greenhouse Gases must absorb the incoming infrared, and this is most easily illustrated by Water Vapour and clouds. For the full scientific argument on how this is done I would refer the reader to the paper by Hans Schreuder, Greenhouse gases in the atmosphere cool the Earth. (Affix link here). Clearly as Hans Schreuder argues the Greenhouse Gases absorb incoming radiation near-IR, which is far greater than far-IR, and therefore the Greenhouse Gases, far from causing warming, do exactly the opposite, - they have a net cooling effect, and this has been confirmed by NASA.",,2_3
"And the infection obsessed think that its all because of nurses and doctors failing to wash their hands? Give me a break. We have bugs on our skin, in our respiratory and intestinal tract and nurses and doctors are causing us to get infections when we have catheters sticking in us from many directions? We are on ventilators that invade our respiratory tracts and infections occur because of physicians and nurses who see us dont wash frequently enough?",,0_0
The company says 26 Fisker employees have been let go from the Delaware factory where renowned automotive engineer Henrik Fisker promised to one day begin producing affordable electric sedans. A Delaware newspaper also reported that subcontractors working on the car venture have been let go.,,0_0
"Thanks to the industry's investment of $188 billion, major emissions from coal-fueled power plants have been reduced by nearly 90 percent, said Sheehan. ""The industry plans to invest another $100 billion over the next decade to develop and deploy clean coal technology further reducing emissions.""",,0_0
"What you see if you do a linear regression is a cooling trend by 0.49 ??F = 0.27 ??C per decade. The cooling between 2006 and 2008 was more dramatic: from 55 ??F to 53 ??F, by a whopping two degrees Fahrenheit!",,1_4
"Using the longer term CET record, the last five years temperature averages 10.0C, and compares with 9.85C for the decade 1730-39, an even less significant increase.",,2_1
"Given their interest in grapes and elevated CO2, the team grew grapes in open-top chambers for three years (2004, 2005, 2006) with ambient (365 ppm) and elevated (500 ppm) atmospheric CO2 concentrations. Among many other findings, the team found that the elevated CO2 concentration increased net photosynthetic rate, intrinsic water use efficiency and leaf thicknessthe grapevines loved the higher levels of CO2! We know what you are thinking what about the yield? Well, in 2004, the elevated CO2 increased the yield by 50%, in 2005 by 27%, and in 2006 by 50%. Moutinho-Pereira et al. conclude The yield per vine showed a clear tendency to increase in elevated in the 3 growing seasons (P < 0.1) and this increase was mainly due to an increase in the average cluster weight. Well drink to that great news!",,3_3
"This last sentence appears to me to be a complete fabrication (and is repeated in his Second Reply). Ive searched the NAS Panel report (Cubasch) and found no reference that remotely supports this claim. If anything, the NAS quote highlighted at the beginning endorsed the view exactly opposite to what Mann espouses here.",,0_0
"The draft report, which strings together proposals from various working groups, quickly raised alarm among climate change skeptics.",,0_0
"The paper's findings were, however, inconclusive, as the predicted range of heat waves for 2080-2099 overlapped with the modeled range for the current climate. In other words, the paper found that the number of heat waves might decrease in 80 years' time. Moreover, the models also relied on the discredited SRES scenarios referred to above.",,0_0
"For thirty years, asthma rates in the United States have increased, while pollution has declined. From 1980 to 2009, ambient American air concentrations of the major pollutants sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, and ozone decreased 78 percent, 48 percent, and 30 percent, respectively. Yet the prevalence of asthma increased 75% from 1980-1994, and asthma rates in children under the age of five have increased more than 160% from 1980-1994. Moreover, the number of people with asthma continues to grow. One in 12 people (about 25 million) had asthma in 2009, compared with 1 in 14 (about 20 million) in 2001. The truth of the matter is that asthma is poorly understood. The ailment appears to have a number of triggers. Clearly, pollution"" isn't the driving variable. Otherwise, asthma rates would have declined in lockstep with decreases in airborne sulfur dioxide, nitrogen dioxide, and ozone.""",,0_0
Here's a summary from the report of the relevant GATT and WTO rules:,,0_0
that case if we supplied the information in this case. So I would suggest that,,0_0
It hasn't been a good week for America's reputation as a leader in space.,,0_0
"Energy Bill Requires Scientific Fact, Not Courage",,0_0
"The current demonization of Russia in some American quarters is thus incomprehensible, unless one keeps in mind the particular conceit of democracies at war that Kennan, following Tocqueville, pointed out long ago: There is nothing in nature more egocentrical than the embattled democracy. It soon becomes the victim of its own propaganda. It then tends to attach to its own cause an absolute value which distorts its own vision of everything else. . . . People who have got themselves into this frame of mind have little understanding for the issues of any contest other than the one in which they are involved.""17""",,0_0
The American Thinker reports on the subpoena an attorney general sent CEI in an effort to silence the debate on climate change.,,0_0
The conclusions of Velarde et al. (2015) are (my boldface):,,0_0
"On behalf of the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI), a non-profit public policy organization headquartered in Washington, D.C., we are pleased to submit this comment on the Air Resource Board's (ARB) Final Staff Report on AB 1493, a law requiring ARB to adopt regulations achieving maximum feasible and cost-effective"" reductions of greenhouse gas emissions from motor vehicles.""",,0_0
"Now the farm lobby is hitting back. House Agriculture Committee Chairman Colin Peterson exploded in a hearing in late May, declaring the EPA is going to kill"" the ethanol industry.""",,0_0
"In 1929, when spectral analysis revealed a red shift in distant galaxies, astronomer Edwin Hubble speculated that this might be due to acceleration away from Earth and a possible expanding universe. Before he could reflect on other possible explanations, a radio interview stumbled onto the phrase Big Bang and a run-away train left the station. Dr Hubble was uncomfortable with both the concept and the catchy nick-name, but he had a conflict of interest on this issue.",,0_0
"Twitter / billmckibben: Quite a large, actually a truly",,0_0
"Myron Ebell, Director of Energy and Global Warming Policy mebell@cei.org",,0_0
"(At the same time, as another paper makes clear, some"" U.N. peacekeepers come from countries ""where the armed forces and police are seriously implicated in human rights violations,"" including sexual crimes. While such actions ""cannot be tolerated,"" the paper makes clear the U.N. has no clear answers on how to police its own behavior.)""",,0_0
"public education on the risk of global warming and implementation of sound solutions, conservation of natural resources, protection of health as affected by the environment, meaningful implementation and enforcement of the nations environmental laws, and public participation in national environmental policy debates.",,0_0
"Environment, education, and health all benefit from wealth creation. Perhaps the real mystery of capitalism is that neither the United Nations nor the pope recognize the benefits it can bring to four billion of the world's poor. Free enterprise and human welfare boom where governments allow new markets with access to capital and credit. That is all it takes to meet the UN's development goals.",,0_0
"16 Marshall Goldman, The Piratisation of Russia: Russian Reform Goes Awry, 2003.",,0_0
"Jim Hard, former president of SEIU Local 1000 and the union's current vice president for organizing and representation, sent an e-mail to members on Tuesday that passionately argues for ratifying the local's tentative agreement with Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.",,0_0
"More than 20 years ago, climate scientists began to sound the alarm over the possibility that global temperatures were rising due to human activities, such as deforestation and the burning of fossil fuels. In 1988, the World Meteorological Organization and the United Nations Environment Program created the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in order to study and better understand this potential threat. The IPCC's mission was to provide a comprehensive, objective, scientific, technical and socio-economic assessment of human-caused climate change, its potential impacts and options for adaptation and mitigation.""",,0_0
"This is a false dichotomy, created by using my real null hypothesis NH1, and Dr. Meier??s straw man null hypothesis NH2. Yes, both CO2 and temperatures rose over the 20th century ?? but correlation is not causation, and CO2 does not correlate any better with temperature than a straight line correlates with temperature. Next, Dr. Meier seems to think that NH1 and NH2 are somehow related, so that one or the other must be false. But both could easily be true. It could be true that the climate variations are natural (NH1), and also true that the historical forcings still apply (NH2). So his ???one true / one false?? duality is not valid.",,2_3
"While the paper still seems to accept the robustness of the global climate model predictions, it does recognize that there are other approaches to accept climate risk.",,0_0
dairy products from the growing middle classes of countries such as,,0_0
"We continually hear such assertions as 2014 was the planet's warmest year on record fourteen of the fifteen hottest years on record have all fallen in the first 15 years of this century."" Perhaps surprisingly, such factoids are far less informative than many seem to assume. The recent year-to-year differences are almost never statistically significant. More important, the ""hottest year"" rhetoric is based on the surface temperature record, a collection of data that is deeply problematic, with heat-island effects difficult to expunge from the data, poor placement and shifts in the measurement stations, etc. An example: For over a century, ""China"" was 137 monitoring stations in four cities, and as those cities grew, ""China"" warmed. Surprise!""",,5_1
"In America, it is harder to balance the electricity wind provides to the grid. Hydropower only supplies 6 percent of the electricity in the United States. In some markets, such as the Pacific Northwest, hydroelectric power is plentiful. But the fickle nature of electricity from wind means that even in the Pacific Northwest it is difficult to balance the electrical load and the Bonneville Power Administration is increasing rates for wind operators by 90 percent (down from a proposed 300 percent increase).",,4_4
"These results are extraordinarily significant because they show that the global net effect of climatic warming on the productivity of terrestrial vegetation need not be positive as was documented for the 1980s and 1990s, said Diane Wickland, of NASA Headquarters and manager of NASAs Terrestrial Ecology research program.",,0_0
"Guest Post by Bob Tisdale, WUWT, Aug 10, 2015",,0_0
"Dr Post said in January there is no evidence linking drought to climate change in eastern Australia, including the Murray-Darling Basin.",,1_7
"The network meteorologists barely had time to come up for air while forecasting the latest snowstorm non-disaster. Politicians, fearing what might happen to their approval numbers if a blizzard hit, went on TV to announce they were taking proactive measures. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio shut down tunnels, bridges, even the subway to prepare for the worst. Governors Andrew Cuomo and Chris Christie announced road closings in New York and New Jersey.",,0_0
"Now the trend of our satellite data -- this is just a different plot of our satellite data with some other data sets. I neglect to mention that our satellite measurements are for a very deep layer. It's from about the surface to an altitude of about six kilometers. So we call them troposphere temperatures. For that 18-year period, our satellite temperature trend is a cooling of four-tenths of a degree per decade. No doubt that wouldn't have been a negative trend if it weren't for the Pinotuba eruption. And the IPCC, for the most part, doesn't include -- was there a comment?",,0_0
"While timing has some effect on the variability, in my opinion, it is a secondary issue, and does not explain the actual variability.",,0_0
"Sure, there are corners of the Earth that have gotten colder, and some that haven't changed much. There are also some places that have warmed much more than the global average. Overall, though, all lines of evidence point in the same direction: warming.",,0_0
"Floridians, don't let the current lack of hurricane activity lull you into a false sense of security. As a low-lying peninsula jutting out into the Caribbean Sea, Florida attracts hurricanes just as surely as a magnet attracts iron filings.",,0_0
"Model = mle2(method.lik, start = list(b= fm$coef),data=list(y=x,t=Year));",,0_0
"For the record, I did the sum in front of him. The atmospheric concentration of CO2 today is about 388 parts per million by volume. However, we are adding just 2 ppmv a year to the air. So the warming we cause each year, even if one believes the UNs wild exaggerations of CO2s warming effect, is just 4.7 times the natural logarithm of the proportionate increase in CO2 concentration from 388 to 390 ppmv.",,2_3
"These costs hogtie innovation, job creation and economic growth. They make millions unemployed.",,0_0
"Even without an absolute cap, China's carbon intensity target will be tough, government officials and advisers say.",,0_0
They are the most widely distributed sea turtle. They swim from 50 degrees south to 50 degrees north. Trying to regulate their interactions with fisheries out in international waters is really difficult.,,0_0
"Liberal progressives view these consistent defeats as examples of justice denied. Their consistent rejection by the voters is seen not as a rejection of their impatience or lofty ambitions, but as something more sinister. The voters were bamboozled by the Teflon Great Communicator, by Willie Horton ads, by triangulating good old boys, by corporate interests, and by blockheaded Texans backed by unscrupulous Mayberry Machiavellians. Something is the matter with Kansans if they don't back progressives; it must be devious politicians who divert middle- and working-class voters with the bread and circuses of phony social issues and unnecessary foreign wars. The solution: Organize new constituencies, particularly among the young and among ethnic minorities, through the internet (Daily Kos, MoveOn.org), local groups (ACORN), and D.C.-based interest groups (EMILY's List, Center for American Progress), and continue to press for progressive justice in bold colors, not pale pastels.",,0_0
"A crazed Islamofascist with amphetamine courage pounding in his veins loads a taxi with explosives, and hurtles into a clearly marked military convoy and the arms of 72 heavily recycled virgins. Allah Akbar. The CBC reports; Translation:",,0_0
"Until last month, when the lies of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change were revealed to the world by an anonymous hacker. Not since Aladdin has a thief saved his country; and this data thief may actually save the world from the proverbial fate worse than death. For the stolen data, now posted on public whistle-blowing websites throughout the Internet, reveals all the truths that climate-change deniers"" have been shouting upon deaf ears.""",,5_2
WHO: Time running out to solve E. coli outbreak:,,0_0
"So we have a constant warming rate of 0.17 degrees Celsius per decade, and we have a majority of computer models predicting a constant rate of warming.",,0_0
"I, too, have firsthand knowledge about receiving special treatment. Ross McKitrick has documented similar experiences, as have John Christy and David Douglass and Roy Spencer, and I am sure others. The unfortunate side-effect of this differential treatment is that a self-generating consensus slows the forward progress of scientific knowledge?a situation well-described by Thomas Kuhn is his book The Structure of Scientific Revolutions. ?Chip Knappenberger]",,0_0
"New York spends more on Medicaid than Texas and Florida combined. The state spends so much because it enrolls so many people6.2 million today, up from 2.7 million in 1995, during a period of near-stagnant population growthand because it allocates Medicaid dollars using complex reimbursement formulas that favor inpatient hospitals and nursing homesmore expensive modes of health-care delivery than outpatient clinics and home care.",,0_0
"Another vital component of 1199's extraordinary influence is its vaunted ground operation, including get-out-the-vote efforts that don't technically count as a campaign contribution. The union claims that 100,000 of its members in New York City are registered Democrats. That sum happens to be almost exactly the margin by which Bill de Blasio, 1199's preferred candidate, defeated his closest rival, Bill Thompson, for the Democratic nomination for mayor in 2013.",,0_0
"Yet Taylor also points out that there are few environmental benefits accruing from such government orders. The Energy Information Administration has calculated that 80 percent of renewable energy needed to comply with such mandates will come from biomass fed into existing coal-fired plants. A recent survey by Thomas Sundqvist and Patrik Soderholm found that every kilowatt of energy produced from biomass has an external cost of 7 cents worth of environmental damage. This compares unfavorably to nuclear energy (4 cents), is about the same as for energy from natural gas, and only slightly less than coal-fired electricity (9 cents).",,4_1
"A central conceit in the climate change debate is not just that experts can forecast the planet's weather a century from now. It is the implicit, and explicit, assumption that anyone might forecast technology in the year 2110. The world's future energy choices and appetites are the central features of all climate mitigation schemes. But it is not today's technology that is relevant here, but the technology of the 22nd century that will determine how we will then obtain energy and what kind, how it is used, how much is used and for what.",,0_0
"ANDREW DARBY AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving the government scrambling to find a new air link to the frozen continent.",,0_0
"The Economist says the world has added roughly 100 billion tonnes of carbon to the atmosphere between 2000 and 2010, about one-quarter of all the carbon dioxide put there by humans since 1750. This mismatch between rising greenhouse gas emissions and not-rising temperatures is among the biggest puzzles in climate science just now, The Economist article says.",,2_3
"Juliet Eilperin offers up this thumbsucker in Tuesday's Washington Post about how environmentalists are are engaged in their most profound bout of soul-searching in more than a decade."" Doesn't look like they are searching very far, for the answers they have come up with sound drearily familiar. Unlike some media analyses, you can't blame Eilperin for the wispy character of this story: she has to go with the material she's got.""",,0_0
"In conclusion, as ever more relevant evidence is acquired, the case for an equivalent or warmer-than-present Medieval Warm Period grows ever stronger, continually weakening the climate-alarmist claim that the planet's current warmth can only be explained by including the warming they believe to have been produced by the increasing concentrations of atmospheric CO2 and other greenhouse gases that were experienced over the course of the 20th century, all of which gases' concentrations were much reduced back at the time of the equal or greater warmth of the Medieval Warm Period.",,2_1
"The observed sea-surface temperature (SST) variations and proxy climate records in theSouthern Ocean (50S-70S) suggest the existence of pronounced global scale centennialvariations, with the most recent maxima around the mid-1870s and mid-1970s. In one climatemodel, these long time scale variations originate from the slow accumulation of North AtlanticDeep Water in the Weddell Sea at mid-depth, which destabilizes the water column from belowand eventually stimulates deep convection there. The accumulation of heat during the quiescentregime and its subsequent release to the atmosphere during the convective regime acts as arecharge oscillator in that model.",,2_1
"2) A 2006 study by a team of scientists led by Petr Chylek of Los Alamos National Laboratory, Space and Remote Sensing Sciences found the rate of warming in 1920-1930 was about 50% higher than that in 1995-2005, suggesting carbon dioxide could not be the cause of warming.",,2_1
I understands von Storch word's will as he calls vrldsfrbttrarna always framhlla mjligheten to a climate disaster that something that it is a sin not to believe p .I will oskt to think p Swedish Church's bishops article in AB SUCH context and now We of course also the discussion of the latest episcopal letter:,,0_0
"This year's wildfire season may end up being even quieter than 2013. On the same day Running's claim was quoted in the Billings Gazette article, the Washington Times reported only 38,000 wildfires have occurred so far this year. The 2014 wildfire season will almost certainly be one of the three quietest since 1984, and may well end up quietest of them all.",,0_0
"The ultimate First World roadblock: Africa spends virtually no money on developing new high-yield seedsbut thanks to Europe it already has a complete set of environmental regulatory hurdles ready to block biotech crops on the grounds of unproven risks to food and environmental safety."" The regulators seem to ignore the obvious potential benefits such as food security and wildlands preservation.""",,0_0
"By Tony Heller Real Science, Aug 14, 2015",,0_0
"* Confidence in climate models based on their ability to causally relate 20th century temperature trends to trends in CO2 may well be misplaced, because such models do not agree on the sensitivity of global climate to increases in CO2 and are able to explain 20th century temperature trends only by making arbitrary and widely varying assumptions about the net cooling impact of atmospheric aerosols;",,5_1
From Arizona State University where I really don??t think they understand that warmer winters aren??t necessarily a product of ???climate change?? but are mostly weather pattern and ocean cycle pattern driven. Then there??s the recent study about waste heat where the researchers found:,,2_1
"Reconstruction of the Palmer Drought Severity Index shows there is nothing unusual, unnatural, or unprecedented with regard to 20th century drought",,1_7
"Following the questions raised by Stephen McIntyre and Ross McKitrick over the quality of the data employed by Dr. Michael Mann of the University of Virginia in compiling his now infamous hockey stick"" graph, Mann's interpretations of proxy temperature data are now coming under fire from within the community of paleoclimatologists.""",,0_0
"Hydrocarbon fuels are the true green energy sources. They disturb less land per unit of energy produced, do not murder wildlife and their combustion produces new supplies of water and carbon dioxide for the atmosphere. More carbon dioxide and water in the atmosphere enables plants to grow faster, bigger and more able to cope with heat or drought.",,4_5
Greenland : The historical context shows that warming and cooling by several degrees is not without precedent. Recent warming is less than the 1930s. The statement of warming since the 1980s gives the false impression that this is unprecedented.,,2_1
"In the words of the author, the above results suggest that the accelerated urbanization process in recent decades may have substantially contributed to the warming of the urban air observed in large cities in Mexico."" Once again, therefore, we are reminded of the huge magnitude of the urban heat island effect, even compared to the global warming of the past century, which climate alarmists claim was unprecedented over the past twenty centuries, as well as the urban heat island's dependence upon the nature of the urban landscape. These observations suggest to us that it is essentially impossible to adequately adjust surface air temperature measurements made within an urban area to the degree of accuracy required to correctly quantify background or rural climate change, which may well be an order of magnitude smaller than the perturbing effect of the city. Reviewed 29 March 2006""",,5_1
"add to that, freezing rain for Texas, snow in Arizona and New Mexico:",,0_0
"To keep the program going, the municipality has turned to asking for charity. Under the new charitable program,"" reports Electricity Daily, ""four levels of participation are offered: Friend of the Environment for $4.30 to $20 per month; Supporter of the Environment for $21 to $60; Conserver of the Environment for $61 to $125, and Protector of the Environment for a whopping $126 or more per month. LES declined to comment on whether these donations are tax deductible.""",,0_0
"Indeed. But remove that line and the rest of the op-ed does a tremendous disservice to the anti-regulatory cause, fostering as it does needless climate alarmism, even adopting talking points straight from an Al Gore seminar. For the past 20 years, I have seen the ever-so-gradual effects of rising sea levels at our farm on the South Carolina coast."" Really? Sea levels rise 8 inches per century during the current inter-glacial period (10,000+ years), an historical rate that hasn't increased even according to the UN IPCC, and a pace which actually slowed down during the second half of the 20th Century. He must have quite an eye.""",,1_6
"Findings: There is a mixture of results depending on site location. Perth has more heatwaves since 1956, than before then. Adelaide has the opposite, with many more heatwaves before 1950, than after 1950.",,1_7
Genentech is another biotech giant funding the inaugural. One aspect of Genentech's pro-Obamacare lobbying in 2009 came to light in a New York Times article revealing that many members of Congress supporting Obamacare provisions read from a script prepared by Genentech's lobbyists.,,0_0
"John and Donny continue their exploration of think tanks across the country in Episode #45 of the In The Tank Podcast. Jess Fields, Article V project coordinator at the Texas Public Policy Foundation, joins the show to discuss the importance of independence and give updates on the Article V movement. Also featured in the podcast is a study by the Cato Institute about privatization and a discussion about the most patriotic states. LISTEN TO MORE",,0_0
"A Reprieve From Climate Doom forthcoming report points lowers estimates on global warming Sept 13, 2013 in the Wall Street Journal by Matt Ridley",,0_0
"If this is true, it's much more accurate and much more juicy than Tommaso Dorigo's version of the same rumor ! Your humble correspondent would also be likely to win a $10,000 bet with Jester at Resonaances (without losing $100), among other bets. But needless to say, the real value of the discovery would be priceless.",,0_0
"FURTHER READING: Andrew Biggs exposes The Protected Class,"" Robert McHenry discusses ""Culture and Its Discontents,"" and Jay Richards explains ""Greed Is Not Good, and It's Not Capitalism."" Kevin Hassett argues ""Obama's Obsession Drives Progress in Reverse"" while Arthur Brooks and Peter Wehner make ""The Moral Case for Capitalism.""",,0_0
"If you look at the third graph, you see that there was no warming on the Southern Hemisphere in the last 25 years even though the global warming theory"" and the corresponding models are predicting even faster rise of the tropospheric temperatures than for the surface temperatures. The decadal trend is quantitatively around 0.05 degrees which is noise whose sign can change almost instantly.""",,1_4
"IPCC First Report (1990-1992), Summary for Policy Makers, p.52. Sea levels will rise by one metre by the year 2100 (110 years-times). This is 9.1mm per year. Error to date is 535%",,0_0
"I think any good scientist ought to be a skeptic, Dyson said.",,0_0
"The same conclusion emerges from a 1997 NHTSA study, which was similarly characterized as indicting SUVs but which turns out, on closer analysis, to indict CAFE. A NHTSA press release touted the study's finding that a 100-pound decrease in SUV weight would prevent 40 fatalities per year, most of them in cars colliding with SUVs. But according to the study itself, this conclusion was not statistically significant; there might even be a net loss of life from such downsizing, and on balance the overall effect would be negligible."" More important, those minimal effects paled in comparison to the effects of a 100- pound increase in passenger car weight -- a saving of over 300 lives a year. And the effect of this passenger car upsizing was found to be statistically significant, unlike the SUV downsizing.""",,0_0
"Another reader has asked why I have calculated the effect of implementing the Copenhagen Accord only as far as 2020. This is the time-horizon for the Accord. The effect of the Accord over ten years would be to forestall warming of just 0. 0 2 C (0. 0 35 F) forestalled even if everyone complies fully. This outcome is so minuscule that extending the analysis beyond that date would be pointless, not least because by ten years from now it will be blindingly obvious to everyone a) that the climate is simply not warming anything like as fast (if at all) as the IPCC had ambitiously predicted, and b) that compliance with Copenhagen was little better than compliance with Kyoto. By 2020, the climate scare will be all over bar the shouting, and no one will be cutting CO2 emissions any more.",,4_2
"Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2010 10:11:24 -0500",,0_0
"And as I mentioned at the outset, if climate sensitivity is low, then the warming effect of more CO2 (as well as the cooling effect of any geoengineering fixes to the problem) will have little effect on global temperatures, anyway.",,3_1
"Between 1998 and 2012 the global economy more than doubled in sizeto some $71 trillion in GDP from $30 trillion. Thats the good news. Over the same period the world pumped more than 100 billion tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. That is supposedly the bad news. Yet global surface temperatures have remained essentially flat. Thats the mystery: If emitting CO2 into the atmosphere causes global warming, why hasnt the globe been warming?",,1_4
"After all, if temperatures aren't soaring and even by global warming alarmists' own data they haven't for 17 years shouldn't we rethink those economic and government policies?",,1_4
"The author states: Our energy policy is no longer dictated by the need to keep supply plentiful and cheap which for decades was the basis of all planning. Today energy policy is framed with only one factor in mind: satisfying the Green lobby."" He concludes: ""in the U.K. we let the Green lobby sneer at fracking and barely even pay lip-service to its possibilities, at the same time as we close down productive power plants and stand back watching while prices go through the stratosphere.""",,4_1
"(Companies) are waiting to know the criteria to get a permit, said Larry LaPre, a wildlife biologist for BLM's California desert district, of the companies hoping federal agencies will begin permitting again soon. LaPre said he expects it to be ""at least a year or longer"" before permitting resumes.""",,0_0
Mark Boslough's most damning criticism of the deniers: they have no shared defining ideology and motivation!,,0_0
"Had he wished to be objective, he would have noted that, while there was indeed a modest increase in mean global temperature (of about half a degree Centigrade) during the last quarter of the 20th century, so far this century both the UK Met Office and the World Meteorological Office confirm that there has been no further global warming at all.",,1_4
"Wind turbines and solar panels, although pleasing to Mr. Obama's green environmental base, are produced increasingly abroad, and particularly in China, so mandating their use creates more jobs offshore. But building nuclear plants will be union jobs here at home.",,0_0
"Back to School. AEI's Frederick M. Hess testified before the House Committee on Education and Labor on Wednesday. He told the committee: Securing effective teaching entails lowering the barriers presented by licensure, encouraging districts to tap the skills of those who are not full-time educators, and using pay and professional opportunities to attract and cultivate talent. Efforts to more evenly distribute effective teachers are laudable, but ought to be pursued in a fashion that will not compromise successful schools or bolder efforts to attract and retain good teachers.""",,0_0
"LetTexasSpeak has been doing a live broadcast from the rotunda where women have been sharing their abortion related testimonies. The pro-abortion crowd has responded with repeated chants of hail Satan."" It's taken us all day to get a video recording, but here it is...""",,0_0
"Starting in 1979, the temperature of the lower atmosphere (from the surface up to roughly 8 km) has been measured by satellites (See Figure 2). Instruments (Microwave Sounding Units ) mounted on satellites take daily temperature readings by measuring the microwave radiation emitted by atmospheric oxygen molecules. The precision of the satellite temperature measurements is confirmed by the fact that they are in excellent agreement with temperatures measured independently by a worldwide network of radiosonde instruments carried aloft by balloons. Compared to the spotty coverage of the surface measurements, especially over the oceans, the satellite record provides essentially global coverage.",,0_0
"on Tuesday, March 17th, 2015 at 6:03 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"The six scientists report that enhanced plant production -- an increase in aboveground biomass on the order of 40% in response to their specific degree of elevated CO 2 -- did not lead to a progressive decline in soil N availability."" In fact, they say that on the contrary , ""soil N availability remained higher after 5 years of elevated than ambient CO 2 ,"" likely due to ""a greater mineralization rate under elevated CO 2 ."" As for why this was so, they speculate that ""elevated CO 2 increased soil moisture due to decreased plant transpiration at our site (Nelson et al ., 2004), which could have stimulated microbial activity and N mineralization."" What it means""",,3_3
"Gotta love the climate spinmeisters at work, it even extends to the signs folks, those are not WEATHER WARNINGS as the sign claims.",,0_0
It has been 15 years since leading British experts announced the demise of snow.,,0_0
"This economy needs stimulus. Taxing and spending are anti-stimulantsand so is regulating. The administration's fiscal stimulus"" amounts to taking money out of the economy and putting it back in. That is like ladling water out of the deep end of a pool only to pour it back in at the shallow endall the while paying somebody to make the pointless transfer.""",,0_0
"Reaching consensus about climate change, recognizing that these statements emerge from processes of deliberation and discussion rather than from pure observation, experimentation and falsification, can therefore be an uncomfortable thing for scientists and public alike. Scientists need to be prepared to argue about their considered opinions"", to embrace consensus but without closing down argument or suggesting that matters are settled.""",,0_0
More & more research results clearly indicate that solar activity has an impact on how the climate varies over time,,0_0
The problem with consensus some thoughts on how focusing on agreement leads to more polarization on #climatechange,,0_0
"Finally, consider the results from Ramanathan and Carmichael published in Nature Geoscience last year. These researchers reviewed the scientific understanding of how black carbon aerosols (aka soot) warm the earth's climate. Black carbon is not a GHG. Black carbon warms the earth by directly absorbing reflected solar radiation and also by darkening the surface of snow and ice when it is deposited there (and enhances melting). Ramanathan and Carmichael determined that in toto black carbon has been responsible for about 25% of the overall warming.",,0_0
"I'm not entirely comfortable sending the password around unsolicited, but haven't got better ideas at the moment. If you feel this makes you seemingly complicit"" in a way you don't like, don't take action.""",,0_0
"Mohan et al . report that CO 2 enrichment increased poison ivy photosynthesis by 77%, while boosting its water use efficiency by 51%. They also note that at the end of the study's sixth year (2004), the aboveground biomass of poison ivy plants in the CO 2 -enriched plots was 62% greater than that of plants in the ambient-treatment plots. In addition, they report that high-CO 2 -grown plants produced a more allergenic form of urushiol,"" which is the substance that produces the plant's allergic reaction in humans. What it means""",,3_3
"Sreeharsha et al . determined that over the course of the two growing seasons, the 39% increase in atmospheric CO 2 concentration led to (1) a 36% increase in season-long net photosynthesis, (2) a 29.3% increase in total plant dry weight, (3) a 38.6% increase in the number of nitrogen-producing nodules that led to (4) a 74.9% increase in total nodule dry weight, and last of all (5) a 29.0% increase in seed yield, all of which results led them to conclude that a future elevated CO 2 atmosphere favors pigeonpea to sequester more atmospheric CO 2 and N 2 resulting in better economic yields under natural habitats.""",,3_3
Al Gore's latest outlandish outburst,,0_0
RATES OF DEFORESTATION: FOOTBALL FIELDS OR NOT EVEN ENOUGH FOR A FIRST DOWN?,,0_0
\bra 0 \Phi(x) \Phi(y) \ket 0,,0_0
"WASHINGTON M icro cars can give motorists top-notch fuel efficiency at a competitive price, but the insurance industry says they dont fare too well in collisions with larger vehicles.",,0_0
"By Paul Homewood h/t Sunshine Hours http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2014/oct/09/why-is-antarctic-sea-ice-at-record-levels-despite-global-warming According to Professor Turner, expanding Antarctic sea ice was the last thing climate scientists expected. Meanwhile, the Guardian also report: Dr Guy Williams, a sea ice scientist at the Tasmanian Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies (Imas) , In some ways its a bit counterintuitive for people trying to understand how global warming is affecting our polar regions, but in fact its actually completely in line with how climate scientists expect Antarctica and the Southern Ocean to respond. And they wonder why people dont take them seriously.",,1_1
"President Obama seems to get this, sort of: Indeed, our failure to act responsibly at the federal level will only open the door to irresponsibility by others. And that includes, for example, the recent efforts in Arizona.""",,0_0
120 Agriculture Groups Oppose Waxman-Markey,,0_0
"Opinion is now becoming an accurate reflection of reality, said Dr. Hayward. ""We're gratified that the Index, now in its tenth edition, has helped contribute to this turnaround.""",,0_0
"The errors in the record exceed by a wide margin the purported rise in temperatures of 0.7 degrees C (about 1.2 degrees F) during the twentieth century, Watts said. See for yourself at Surfacestations.org",,5_1
"on Thursday, August 12th, 2010 at 6:36 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Climate Pseuds sail to Arctic, Make Movie Praised in Salon, Disappear Up Own Fundament",,0_0
"The IPCC manufactures climate alarm by assuming CO2 controls water vapor to produce a runaway positive feedback system. Physicist Clive Best has posted his new paper showing that water vapor feedback is instead strongly negative, based on both the Faint Sun Paradox and a comparison of 5600 weather stations in the global CRUTEM4 temperature and humidity database. Peer-reviewed publications by Paltridge and others also find water vapor feedback is strongly negative. Without positive water vapor feedback, the IPCC's case for catastrophic man-made climate change collapses.",,3_1
Baseless nonsense. The summer of 2012 didnt even rank in the top ten for daily record maximums. The summer of 1936 had more than five times as many record daily maximums as summer 2012.,,2_1
Another thing that feeds my suspicion that a pagan mindset informs Global Warmingism are the steady and consistent calls for sacrifice ? even human sacrifice ? to ward off the threatened catastrophes.,,5_2
"I observed the other day that Eli Rabett had done a bait-and-switch, in which Eli showed a picture of a well-located new station at Niwot Ridge (started only in 2003) as a supposed refutation of criticisms of incinerators, barbecues and tennis courts at USHCN stations. In response, Eli observed his right to carrot pick. Rosanne DArrigo once told an astonished NAS panel that you have to pick cherries if you want to make cherry pie and I guess the same applies to carrots.",,0_0
Hillary/Obama Democrats vs. Kennedy Democrats,,0_0
"Were still waiting for update of the NODC ocean heat content data. It will be interesting to see what effect this off-season El Nio has had on the ocean heat content of the tropical Pacific. Did it drop as a result of this off-season El Nio? Well have to wait for their April-June 2014 update, which should be available in August or September.",,0_0
"A few weeks ago, I was violently ill and wasnt sure I was going to make it. I have lost 30 pounds since late June.",,0_0
The Evolution of Plants ... Right Before Our Very Eyes (1992-2010),,0_0
G-8 Failure Reflects U.S. Failure on Climate Change,,0_0
"A strain of anti-humanism has always run through population paranoia, a notion that human beings are a problem rather than a resource. But as Jonathan Last documents in his new book What to Expect When No One's Expecting, it is not overpopulation that threatens the well-being of the human race, it is under-population. As Last writes, Throughout recorded human history, declining populations have always been followed by Very Bad Things."" Particularly for our modern, high-tech, capitalist world of consumers who buy, entrepreneurs who create wealth and jobs, and workers whose taxes fund social welfare entitlements, people are an even more critical resource.""",,0_0
"The IPCC believes that water vapor increases with temperature, acting as a positive feedback, further increasing temperature. But this is not happening. Global weather balloon data shows that water vapor has been decreasing over time, not increasing.",,3_1
"Natural variability, therefore, is sufficient to explain all of the warming since 1750. No other explanation is necessary. Accordingly, it is not legitimate to claim, as the Berkeley team claim, that in the absence of any other explanation the warming must be attributed to CO2. That claim is an instance of the argumentum ad ignorantiam, the fundamental logical fallacy of argument from ignorance. It is not sound science.",,2_1
"Counterviews are also presented, however, although at the end of the article, and lumped together with industry lobbyists. An excerpt from a climate scientist is",,0_0
"When things go wrong for the left, and they always go wrong, you know whos to blame? Them, thats who the amorphous mass of unbeatable forces that thwart hippies with the same 11th hour regularity that meddling kids foiled a Scooby-Doo villain:",,0_0
"It seems that, rather than basing knowledge about the material universe on experimental evidence, the Royal Society and its senior members instead seek authority in science fiction; the extrapolation of superficially plausible science, forward into the future, where a drama plays out.",,0_0
"So, if a record high temperature is reported on any given day in Las Vegas, it will likely be for these unadjusted, UHI-influenced temperatures?? not from NCDC-adjusted USHCN temperatures (which don??t include these stations anyway).",,5_1
"Case Study 3. Sierra Club and Natural Resources Defense Council: What If Polluter Lobbyists in Washington Were Replaced with Asthmatic Children""",,0_0
"Most of the 7000 word article is paywalled, but Readfearn also writes at the ABC about it.",,0_0
Another dark matter sign from a Minnesota mine,,0_0
"Many factors contribute to variability in Earth's climate on a range of timescales, from seasons to decades. Natural climate variability arises from two different sources: (1) internal variability from interactions among components of the climate system, for example, between the ocean and the atmosphere, and (2) natural external forcings, such as variations in the amount of radiation from the Sun. External forcings on the climate system also arise from some human activities, such as the emission of greenhouse gases (GHGs) and aerosols. The climate that we experience is a combination of all of these factors.",,0_0
"Note that no one is suggesting that Lunar cycles are the dominant drivers of climate, just that they change conditions on Earth in ways that may favor certain kinds of climate patterns, and may explain the magnitude of some of the extremes. The message is that climate models will not be complete without factoring in the lunar cycles.",,2_1
"Groups including the Sierra Club, Washington Environmental Council, and Climate Solutions are fighting the proposal because, rather than using the revenues generated by the tax to fund programs they support, the initiative aims to be revenue-neutral, cutting tax rates and ending the Business and Occupation tax for manufacturers.",,0_0
"One question still remains open: Why didnt Rahmstorfs science-colleagues even lift a finger when the Foster & Rahmstorf 2011 paper appeared? Did it really have to take 2 years to discover that the simplistic methodical approach was incomplete? Other than scientific reasons, could other reasons be involved here?",,5_2
"Where are we going? Someone once noted that the world of politics is always twenty years behind the world of thought."" If that means that politicians today are becoming attracted to the ideas we had when we first started, then that's progress of a sort. But it's not enough, and CEI seeks to close that gap.""",,0_0
"Political funding has received the most attention, but the idea has now spread well beyond politics into the larger policy world. The goal is to eliminate business funding not only from politics, but from the entire intellectual world. Many major science and medical journals, for example, now impose financial disclosure requirements on their authors, stigmatizing research underwritten by business. Anti-business groups seek to bar from government advisory committees individuals who've consulted with business. And, as the fallout from the Abramoff scandal demonstrates, this assault has now extended to demonizing corporate support for conservative policy groups.",,0_0
"Bonus Podcast: In The Tank (ep45): Texas Public Policy Foundation, Article V, Privatization, and the Fourth of July",,0_0
The actual warming has been slightly less than Hansen's Scenario C,,0_0
"Eager to end reliance on Russian natural gas, and largely untroubled by environmentalists, Polish officials are embracing hydraulic fracturing to unlock potentially huge deposits beneath their soil.",,4_5
I would only add that policy makers should show due diligence and assess the source and quality of their data.,,0_0
"The start of the current pause is difficult to determine precisely. Although 1998 is often quoted as the start of the current pause, this was an exceptionally warm year because of the largest El Nio in the instrumental record. This was followed by a strong La Nia event and a fall in global surface temperature of around 0.2oC (Figure 1), equivalent in magnitude to the average decadal warming trend in recent decades. It is only really since 2000 that the rise in global surface temperatures has paused.",,1_4
Cuba to drill five new oil wells by 2013:,,0_0
"When the Sun is approximately behind the Moon, it only illuminates the half of the Moon that we can't see anyway (because it has turned away from us) so the half of the Moon on our side remains dark; that's the new moon. However, when the Sun is located in the same direction from us as the Moon (however, the Sun is much further), it's usually a day over here and the direct sunlight beats the light reflected from the Moon so we don't see any Moon, anyway. If the new moon is exact"", which rarely takes place, we get the solar eclipse.""",,0_0
Global Warming Conference: The State of Climate Change Science,,0_0
"Can you believe it, Stan? I never thought global warming could happen so fast. I guess I didnt listen",,0_0
"In April, our AEI colleague Newt Gingrich wrote an article called We Can Have Green ConservatismAnd We Should"" in which he discussed a number of values which he classified as green conservatism. Among these were the belief that economic growth and environmental health are compatible, and that positive environmental outcomes will be realized faster by working within market structures than via regulation and litigation. And Newt is not alonewhile many will argue that Governor Schwarzenegger has failed when it comes to adopting market-friendly means to environmental ends, he has certainly shown the political viability of embracing the values and the outcome goals of his environmental constituents.""",,0_0
"Perhaps President Obama can have a vision that imparts wisdom and he reverses his job-killing and nation humbling energy policies. In the future President Obama can truly say, yes, we did.""",,0_0
"Is the Holocene interglacial, our interglacial, just about kaput? Well, thats the trillion dollar question, isnt it? I went deep into the science on this in The Antithesis, you may refresh or intimate yourself with the poignant literature there. The present consensus seems to be that we will not have an extended interglacial this time, even though we are also at an eccentricity minima, just like the Holsteinian was 400kyrs ago. All things considered, our interglacial seems to match best the last half of the Holsteinian, the bit where we fall off into an ice age.",,1_2
"From Bankers.asn.au - Source: Australian Bureau of Statistics 5206. National Income, Expenditure and Product. June Quarter 2003: Axiss Australia Guest post by Viv Forbes",,0_0
"By P Gosselin, No Tricks Zone, Aug 8, 2015",,0_0
"Other studies have found exceedingly low methane emissions. A fly-over study measuring methane emissions in the Haynesville (Texas), Fayetteville (Arkansas), and northeastern Marcellus (Pennsylvania) shale formations found very low emissions as a percentage of total production in each of these basins. Loss rates were estimated to be 12.1 percent of total production from the Haynesville region, 12.8 percent from the Fayetteville region, and 0.180.41 percent from the northeastern Pennsylvania area of the Marcellus region.",,0_0
"What is also blatantly obvious is the warming of the tropical Pacific to depth is dependent on 4 La Nia events. And according to Trenberth et al. (2002) and Trenberth and Fasullo (2011), sunlight warms the tropical Pacific during La Nias, not infrared radiation from manmade greenhouse gases. (In the real world, downwelling longwave radiation decreases during La Nia events.)",,2_1
"The caricature of President Bush the unilateralist is inaccurate. He went to the United Nations before invading Iraq, and he assembled an international coalition to fight the war. But Europeans should recognize that Mr. Bush scored points in the campaign when he derided Sen. Kerry's suggestion that the U.S. needed a permission slip from the U.N., France and Germany before defending itself, and Bush went out of his way during the debates to criticize the International Criminal Court. Americans don't want to pull out of the U.N.; to the contrary, they want it to be effective. A survey by the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations found that 87% of the public favors working through the United Nations to strengthen international laws against terrorism."" Expect, however, that the administration will take a close look at U.N. institutions like the World Health Organization, which, with heavy support from American taxpayers, revel in attacking U.S. policies and businesses.""",,0_0
"So, the EU Climate Minister saying it doesn't matter whether the global warming science is wrong. She seems to think that higher costing energy will help raise people out of poverty. How How does that make sense?",,0_0
"In many ways, this guy is my favorite. No video embeds, no technical details. Just he looks at it and rants that the folks are just looking way too plastic. Wonder how many pasty white folks of means neighborhoods hes been in? ;-)",,0_0
"8.Mandatory reductions in CO 2 emissions, pursued to prevent dangerous global warming, would have little or no discernible impact on global temperatures, but would greatly increase the price of energy and therefore of everything else. Such policies would put more people at greater risk than the warming they are intended to prevent, because they would slow, stop, or even reverse the economic growth that enables people to adapt to all climates. They would also harm the poor more than the wealthy, and would harm them more than the small amount of warming they might prevent.",,4_1
There was global warming on the order of about 1F during the twentieth century. There is disagreement as to its cause.,,5_1
Correlating New York Sea Level To Global Temperature,,0_0
"For all the post-Cold War talk about the decline of the state, there is at least one domain where the state is in expansion, and it is the sea. And for all the talk about a Great Game in Central Asia, it is worth keeping in mind that more than 30 percent of the world's oil and 50 percent of the world's natural gas is produced offshore. The percentage is greater still when moving from proven reserves (i.e., 90 percent certainty) to probable reserves (50 percent certainty). Add to that the fact that 60 percent of the world's oil and gas is transported by sea, and in the end, it is hard to deny that command of the high seas will matter just as much as control of the Heartland.",,0_0
"5) Governments should utilize, not hamper, corporations that have strong commitments to advancing technology.",,0_0
"As adopted, Agenda 21 was described as a comprehensive plan of action to be taken globally, nationally and locally by organizations of the United Nations System, Governments, and Major Groups in every area in which human impacts on the environment. That includes hundreds of specific goals and strategies that national and local governments are encouraged to adopt. And that translates into restrictive zoning policies that are aimed at deterring suburban growth. Ultimately, they suppress housing supply and drive up home prices, in turn imposing unnecessary costs, especially on middle- and lower-income households. These policies contributed to and aggravate the real estate bubble by putting inflationary pressures on housing prices.",,4_1
"Clean coal, which is designed to reduce emissions of sulphur, nitrogen and mercury, is still in the nascent stage in India. Last year, according to PEI, coal accounted for 160 GW of capacity, so an extra 103 GW over the next decade would increase this by 64%.",,0_0
Regional diabatic heating can also cause atmospheric teleconnections that influence regional climate thousands of kilometers away from the point of forcing.,,0_0
"Approximately 42,100 jobs across the United States;",,0_0
The state is mandating that automakers dramatically ramp up sales of battery-powered and other low-emission cars. It is imposing new cap-and-trade emission controls on business with hefty fees.,,4_1
"Where no one place stands out, but there is just what looks like a lot of smaller to medium stuff all over the place.",,0_0
A longer timescale p tskilliga decades to make a net assimilation of vegetation and sea. A Increased carbon dioxide acts as gdning fr vxtligheten Dr. vxtmassa in various forms enriched. The ocean acts also as a snka but the process is lngsammare np laboratoriebnken p due to ocean stable temperature stratification. Over the past 50 clean has averaged about half of the fossil utslppen frsvunnit the sea and vegetation. It happened to assimilation in the sea framgr the lngsamma frsurningen of sea water. An estimate of kllor and snkor in medelvrde worldwide over the past decade can be seen in figure 2. To frvxla nettouppehllet time scale for the time scale for photosynthesis and respiration r a frekommande misunderstanding. This is completely irrelevant d it is the time scale for the global representative vrdena which of course is important. Fig. 2: Kllor and snkor from anthropogenic carbon dioxide emissions based Klla 2000-2008 IPCC.,,0_0
"Even if a major IT company such as Google helped this loser to collect the signatures, and it's a big question why would any powerful company team up with a completely cheap as well as useless project such as this one, it couldn't possibly collect one billion signatures by April 2014. I am willing to bet 10-to-1 that this loser will lose. Well, I would be even willing to bet, 1-to-1, that he won't even collect one million signatures. And yes, I would probably be willing to go to much smaller numbers than a million.",,0_0
"Until you kick off a trade war. As the New Year approaches, one of Europe's more controversial greenhouse gas control policies is causing a serious case of heartburn in diplomatic circles.",,0_0
"I also agree with Giuliani that Obama is helping to establish the culture in which one cannot criticize Islam , not even for its features that are self-evidently wrong, and that's a very harmful influence of the president on the life and security of the U.S.",,0_0
"The expedition vessel was hired by a group of global warming scientists, says Craig Rucker at CFact.",,0_0
"He is right to say that the proposed policy is a mess, incoherent, full of contradiction, and likely to fail. He is right that investors are being put off, and were never very confidfent in the first place. But it was ever thus with the UKs renewable energy policies, and it is unlikely to change while policy-makers labour under the misapprehension that you can simply set targets and make promises to reward investment, and LO! Britain will have a wonderful new energy grid. While this belief persists, expensive failure will follow expensive failure. Its not the detail of the policy which is the problem, it is policies of this kind. What Gardiner forgets is reality.",,4_1
"The most interesting, and important, dynamic in American politics today is the existential struggle going on in the Republican Party between the establishment and the insurgentsor to be more accurate, between the hard-line bedrock conservatives (there are only trace elements of the old-line center-right bloc, much less moderates) and the radicals.",,0_0
"An increasing trend in Arctic temperatures about twice that of the global average temperature.16 Over the past fifty years, the Arctic should have warmed by 1 C or more.",,0_0
Junk Science: Climate Activists' Credibility Gap,,5_2
"New technology for cleaner, cheaper energy will shape the future more than politics.",,0_0
"Tom Karl the director of the national climatic data center of the US NOAA, who compiled another global temperature record who's errors and exaggerations of recent warming have caused concern.",,5_1
". . . Apparently, increased total CO2 column amount is coupled with decreasing H2O column amount. As the result of the opposing trends in the two most important GHGs, in Fig. 2 the red curve shows no trend in the TIOD. In the last 61 years, the infrared absorbing capability of the atmosphere has not been changed; therefore, the greenhouse effect can not be the cause of the global warming.",,2_3
These include the often poor representation of El Nio variability in global,,0_0
"To understand why there are such huge uncertainties in the computer simulations, consider that the additional energy added to the climate system by the doubling of atmospheric CO2 is about 4 watts per square meter (W/m2) a small amount of energy compared to the amount of the sun's radiation (342 W/m2) at the top of the atmosphere. But 4 W/m2 is also small compared to the uncertainties in the climate change calculations. For example, knowledge of the amount of energy flowing from equator to poles is uncertain by an amount equivalent to 25-30 W/m2. The amount of sunlight absorbed by the atmosphere or reflected by the surface is also uncertain by as much as 25 W/m2. Some computer models include adjustments to the energy flows of as much as 100 W/m2. Imprecise treatment of clouds may introduce another 25 W/m2 of uncertainty into the basic computations.19",,5_1
"Summarizing, neither meltwater forcing nor volcanic forcing is likely an able candidate to generate a significant global cooling trend. The biases in current models, if they exist, are more likely to be related to their sensitivity to the orbital forcing and additional feedbacks in climate models. Whatever the biases, the model biases have to exhibit a common warming bias across all of the current models with a total magnitude of at least ?1 C, such that removal of this model bias can generate a global cooling of ?1 C, which overcomes the 0.5 C warming by GHGs and ice sheets to leave a net cooling of 0.5 C as in the M13 reconstruction.",,0_0
"We are going to explain this and more in a series of blog posts. To build a better model, we had to understand the conventional basic climate model, the core model used to compute the high sensitivity to carbon dioxide. We unpack it, show the errors, then fix it. We calculate the sensitivity to carbon dioxide using this alternative model ??? which shows that the sensitivity to carbon dioxide is much lower.",,3_1
delta H = inflow outflow evaporation seepage,,0_0
"Dr. John Christy of UAH said, This was the coolest July since 1992, when global temperatures were cooled by dust thrown into the atmosphere by the Mount Pinatubo volcano."" A color map of temperature anomalies will be available at http://climate.uah.edu.""",,0_0
"If the president and Congress want to avoid such debacles in the future, they will need to reform or systematically work around NEPA's traps and pitfalls and deny activists the ability to interfere with the legitimate, appropriate actions of government agencies.",,0_0
As Joanne Nova begin of the skype highlighting end of the skype highlighting observes:,,0_0
"Bill O'Reilly's nightly show on the Fox News Channel is viewed by at least 3.5 million people every night. So it was a treat to see Heartland Senior Fellow Horace Cooper as the program's first guest Wednesday night! O'Reilly asked Cooper to talk about violence in America's urban black communities, and why the policies of the left have done nothing to stop it. WATCH IT HERE",,0_0
"Climategate 3.0: Climategater to World Bank Economic damage estimates from global warming should be treated very skeptically'; ""Our methodology is so flaky'""",,0_0
"The well-heeled environmental lobbying groups have massive operating budgets compared to groups that express global warming skepticism. The Sierra Club Foundation 2004 budget was $91 million and the Natural Resources Defense Council had a $57 million budget for the same year. Compare that to the often media derided Competitive Enterprise Institutes small $3.6 million annual budget. In addition, if a climate skeptic receives any money from industry, the media immediately labels them and attempts to discredit their work. The same media completely ignore the money flow from the environmental lobby to climate alarmists like James Hansen and Michael Oppenheimer. (ie. Hansen received $250,000 from the Heinz Foundation and Oppenheimer is a paid partisan of Environmental Defense Fund)",,5_2
"What do the 42 record temperatures for Kansas tell us when we look at them more closely? There are 20 official weather stations in Kansas of which 19 appear to be at airports. Record temperatures, however, have only been set at 8 of these . All of these 8 stations are airport based . Two of these are in Topeka and so are arguably double counted! These are listed below :-",,5_1
"In his foreword, Lord Turnbull, former Cabinet Secretary and Head of the Home Civil Service, commented:",,0_0
"Once again I have to thank Grant Foster (a.k.a. Tamino and Hansens Bulldog) for yet another opportunity to show that NOAA cannot justify the relatively high warming rate of their new ERSST.v4 sea surface temperature data during the hiatus, because it far exceeds the trend of the HadNMAT2 data that NOAA used as a reference.",,5_1
"Now I'd like to address one more myth that's being perpetrated by Utility MACT proponents, which has to do with their public health argument. The truth is that the health benefits EPA claims are exaggerated and misleading. That's because EPA's analysis shows that over 99 percent of the benefits from the rule come from reducing fine particulate matter, not air toxics. Of course, fine particulate matter is regulated under the National Ambient Air Quality Standards program, and in fact 90% of Utility MACT's purported particulate matter benefits occur in air already deemed safe in the NAAQS program.",,0_0
"Nessuno sta dalla parte di Rosarno: ecco perch in Calabria vince la ndrangheta, e perde lo Stato""",,0_0
For more on this issue: Time for Big Cuts in Education Spending?,,0_0
There's a rumour circulating in Washington that President Bush will use his State of the Union address next month to announce a new initiative on global climate change.,,0_0
"I know that these comments sound like conspiracy theories and most people who say similar things are simply nuts. But I can't help myself: Yes, I do think that the appearance and their way of thinking makes it very likely that Frank Marshall Davis was the actual biological father of Barack Obama . I can't give you any proof that would be better than what you may find elsewhere. But Davis and Obama's mother did meet in the communist movement, could have done certain things 9 months before Obama's birth, and the similarity between Obama and Davis simply looks much more obvious than the similarity between Obama and Obama Sr.",,0_0
"Before you wrecked the climate, Indio and Brawley, CA recorded 117 and 116 degree temperatures on May 3/4 1947.",,1_7
"By Staff Writers, GAO, Aug 4, 2015",,0_0
"The camcorder was running at 18.3 frames per second. It's being said that in the frame 160, there was the first shot that missed everything. After 220, there was the second shot (magic bullet) that hit the governor in front as well as JFK (non-fatally). They react in some way. The third shot at 313 was used to make JFK's head explode which turned out to be lethal. The time between the first and third shot was probably over 8 seconds.",,0_0
"Although there is a consistent movement in the region toward earlier tornado activity, it is difficult to pinpoint a cause, said Paul Stoy, assistant professor in the Department of Land Resources and Environmental Sciences at MSU and co-author of the new study. Records of tornado activity in the U.S. only date back to the 1950s, making it difficult to study changing trends in tornado activity. Furthermore, tornadoes can be influenced by many regional factors, including topography of the land and areas where cooler air meets warm, subtropical air, making it difficult to attribute the shift in the tornado season to any one factor, he said.",,1_7
South Carolina Supreme Court Hearing Arguments in 2006 Poker Conviction (not same url from yesterday):,,0_0
"The amount of electricity produced from green energy sources in Scotland fell by almost half for a period earlier this year because it was not wet or windy enough. The figures prompted opposition concerns that Scotland could be left in the dark if the wind isnt blowing. Scot MacNab, The Scotsman, 28 September 2012 ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/environment/scotland-not-windy-enough-for-green-power-1-2550478 )",,0_0
"Video: World Bank Prez says if you disagree with the climate consensus, then you disagree with science itself'""",,0_0
"So years later, the measurement data for key studies used in both canonical multiproxy studies and illustrated in AR4 Box 6.4 Figure 1 (along, remarkably, with Manns PC1), remains unarchived, with Briffa resolutely stonewalling efforts to have him archive the data.",,5_2
"Kosciusko-Morizet said the new agency was a key to the success of the Rio+20"" conference, designed to assess the two decades that have elapsed since the Rio Summit which nailed the environment to the political agenda.""",,0_0
"Well, as promised, I wanted to post our race day picture from the half marathon. This was done for my daughter's benefit, who set the goal to run a half marathon about 6 months ago and figured the promise of a Disney trip would be incentive to stay on top of her training.",,0_0
"So, it is now almost certain we will see this scam blow up in the run up to US presidential election with a massacre of the Democrats and any other climate extremists caught into the crossfire will just be collateral damage!",,0_0
"This is an opinion about opinions of experts who use models that we know cant predict temperatures. Not only is this fact already piled three layers of nonsense deep, the most abjectly stupid point is the fourth layer, the pretense that these models might , in their wildest dreams, be able to predict rainfall which is an order of magnitude harder than just predicting global temperature. Predicting bushfires is dependent on knowing not just total rainfall in one region, but how that rainfall is spread throughout the year. Not to mention that bushfires depend on wind speed, wind direction, land-use (fuel load), and humidity.",,5_1
"The adjacent chart plots the scientific empirical evidence - the globe naturally cycles through periods of extreme cooling and warming. And as the evidence reveals, the Obama/Kerry climate-porn duo exist during a period of cooling, not the extreme accelerating global warming that they claim.",,2_1
"In another blow to the alarmist fallacy that the current warming period is 'unprecedented' or 'unusual,' a paper published today in the journal Climate of the Past finds that winter temperatures in China warmed at a rate almost three times faster over the 100 year period from 1862 to 1961 than over the 100 years from 1901 to 2000 . Furthermore, the reconstructed temperature anomaly at the beginning of the study period in 1736 was the about the same as in 2007.",,2_1
The Australian Maritime Safety Authority (AMSA) is coordinating a search and rescue for a Russian passenger ship beset by ice approximately 1500 nautical miles south of Hobart.,,0_0
"The evangelical leaders need to give more thought to the unintended consequences of their well-intentioned acts. During the Middle Ages, good people left their property to the Church. This acted as a brake on economic development as the dead hand, or mortmain, of the Church took this useful land out of the economywith the poor paying the price through lack of opportunity to improve their lot. By devoting spiritual and temporal energy to reducing carbon dioxide emissions, the evangelical leaders will probably hurt the poor more than they help them. As Matthew 7: 15 says, Beware of false prophets, which come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ravening wolves."" By adopting a green agenda, the evangelicals may have thrown the poor to those wolves.""",,0_0
"As goes California, so goes the nation. Nowhere is this adage truer than in environmental policy, thanks to Democrats' eagerness to impose the Golden State's radical eco-agenda on all Americans. Yet it is exactly such policies that have helped lead California to financial ruin.",,0_0
"Which takes us to Dr. Hansen's presentations in Santa Feprimarily attended by sycophants carrying copies of his book: Storms of My Grandchildren: The Truth About the Coming Climate Catastrophe and Our Last Chance to Save Humanity. However, four scientists also attendeda meteorologist, a physicist, a biologist, and a geologist.",,0_0
"Al Gore is in full attack model, employing his ridiculous Climate Reality Project to Draw the Line on Denial, even as he laid off 90% of the staff at his Alliance for Climate Protection. Greenpeace has joined the fray, launching a Dealing in Doubt campaign that blames ExxonMobil for funding the global warming denial machine.",,5_2
"The study, conducted by James Rippe, MD, Founder and Director of the Rippe Lifestyle Institute and Professor of Biomedical Sciences at the University of Central Florida, examined sixty-four individuals who consumed low-fat milk sweetened with either HFCS or sucrose with the added sugar matching the 25th, 50th and 90th percentile population consumption levels of fructose for ten weeks.",,0_0
"That's an odd position to take about the only viable technology capable of producing reliable, industrial-sized amounts of zero-emissions power. Either it betrays a fundamental misunderstanding about energy basics, or it suggests the president's pledge to move to a green economy is more about serving Democratic constituencies (environmentalists and labor unions) than about curbing emissions to save us from global warming and rising sea levels.",,0_0
"I've long drawn that same line, about where legitimate climate science"" stops, and climate panic-mongering begins, and it's at that point where you start predicting the future.""",,0_0
"What is the Hockey Stick' Debate About? Written by Ross McKitrick""",,0_0
Scuba divers know that reef creatures already experience acidic conditions near CO2 vents in the ocean floor. These vents bubble CO2 gas amidst coral reefs and grassy ocean pastures in millions of locations. Fish and reefs appear to be doing quite well near these CO2 vents.,,3_2
I want to know when global warming will start. Im still freezing my ass off at the end of April.,,1_3
"In particular, note from the above model simulation how the strong feedback mostly offsets the forcing, leaving a small radiative imbalance, consistent with the large discrepancy between Hansen's average forcing (0.8 W m-2) and the ocean heat content-inferred energy imbalance (0.2 W m-2).",,0_0
I will not search through the hundreds of comments you have made on the subject in multiple venues to find ones that might meet some agreed definition of promotion,,0_0
"on Monday, October 7th, 2013 at 3:51 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Right now, Higginbotham's salary and career hang by a thread, preserved only by attorneys he has hired to protect himself from OSU attacks. The Robinsons' studies have been severely disrupted. Meanwhile, however, public outcry in favor of Higginbotham and the students has grown in intensity, especially in Oregon, and a group of prominent alumni donors has offered to pay for the student's remaining PhD work and legal costs to settle the dispute. (Higginbotham is a nuclear power guy; the culprits are in nuclear medicine"" and generally anti-nuclear power.)""",,0_0
"Answer: Nearly all the claims of evidence amount to ???effects?? of global warming, and not the cause. (See the missing hot spot.)",,2_3
"The public's trust in the supposed scientific consensus took a blow when a vast body of e-mails from the Climate Research Unit of the University of East Anglia came to light in what has been dubbed Climategate."" Climate scientists derided their critics, blocked access to peer-reviewed literature, withheld data from examination, planned to ""hide the decline"" in past temperatures and generally revealed themselves to be shaping their science to their politics rather than the other way around. Anyone who tells you climate science is settled is selling something. The climate is a vastly complicated system. The science that studies it is prone to error and was politicized before it could mature.""",,5_2
Cooler Heads Digest 1 April 2010,,0_0
"I was hoping to avoid debate on the science, but what you say is actually incorrect. Positive feedbacks dont necessarily lead to run away effects if the strength of the feedback changes, or other effects become more significant leading to an equilibrium being reached.",,3_1
The recent bout of wintry weather and the overall political climate have almost certainly killed climate-change legislation this year.,,0_0
"Unfortunately for them, front loaders remain unpopular with consumers. Today, they comprise less than 5 percent of the American market, and, despite heavy green hype over the last several years, DOE estimates that sales will increase only slightly. So, if most people don't want front-loading washing machines, what can Washington do, mandate them?",,0_0
"The second warming shift began in 1975 and rose at quite a constant rate until 1998, a strong Pacific Ocean El Nio yearalthough this later warming is reported only by surface thermometers, not satellites, and is legitimately disputed by some. (Theres some background on this in my June 18 column .)",,5_1
"The new research extends Swetnams previous tree-ring fire history for giant sequoias another 1,000 years into the past. In addition, he and his colleagues used tree-ring records from other species of trees to reconstruct the regions past climate.",,0_0
"HEM is based on well-established economic theory as well as historical data, and contains a variety of modules that interact with each other for long-term forecasting. In particular, HEM focuses on the interactions among (1) the supply, conversion, and demand of energy in its various forms; (2) American energy and the overall American economy; (3) the American energy market and the world petroleum market; and (4) current production and consumption decisions as well as expectations about the future. These 12 modules are:",,0_0
"Now is the time at SDA when we juxtapose! Barack Obama, Sept.12, 2011 - And when you look at what independent economists are saying about the American Jobs Act, my jobs plan, uniformly what they are saying is this buys us insurance against a double-dip recession."" Barack Obama, Sept.26, 2011 - ""Obviously, it is never fun to lose your job. And it's always hard in this kind of really deep recession."" Related - another missed memo.""",,0_0
"makes Members of Congress tick, knows the key leaders intimately, knows the",,0_0
"Tax records from the Rockefeller Brothers Fund indicate that it sent $1.25 million to Michael Marxs organization, Corporate Ethics International, between December 2007 and November 2010. The money was earmarked to coordinate the initial steps of a markets campaign to stem demand for tar sands derived fuels in the United States. The Fund has not yet filed its tax return for 2011.",,0_0
"on Tuesday, August 31st, 2010 at 5:19 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Well, just like in psychiatric asylums, kindergartens, Cuban government offices, and all other places on Earth, there is apparently a lot of simpletons in the U.S. Congress, too.",,0_0
Under the Nature Conservation Act it is an offence to knowingly disturb a platypus habitat.,,0_0
"Using some legerdemain known only to Government scientists, NIWA claims that the 11SS begins in 1931. The 7SS should begin at the same time.",,0_0
"16) Why Would Bias in Climate Research be Important? I thought Scientists Just Follow the Data Where It Leads Them When researchers approach a problem, their pre-conceived notions often guide them. It?s not that the IPCC?s claim that humans cause global warming is somehow untenable or impossible, it?s that political and financial pressures have resulted in the IPCC almost totally ignoring alternative explanations for that warming.",,0_0
"By Paul C. Chip Knappenberger and Patrick J. Michaels, Cato, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
"Ukraine Meanwhile, Ukraine is at risk of undoing the Orange Revolution. The party of Viktor Commie Yanukovich has received 33 percent of votes while Viktor Western Yushchenko's party has only received 13 percent or so. Fortunately, the former ally of Yushchenko and the former prime minister, Yulia Tymoshenko, who is also a blogger (with a few blog secretaries), received 22 percent of votes and is ready to re-unify the orange coalition. Their union has broken after different attitudes to some corruption charges.",,0_0
"Some 16 groups have sent a letter to the White House opposing a proposed LNG facility in Maryland on the grounds that approval runs contrary to the administration's effort to fight climate change. Ironically, the administration's attempt to curtail the use of coal here in the U.S. has resulted in a spurt in exports of this carbon-intensive fuel to overseas markets to which exports of natural gas are limited.",,0_0
"What we demonstrated in our JGR paper earlier this year is that when cloud changes cause temperature changes, it gives the illusion of positive cloud feedback even if strongly negative cloud feedback is really operating!",,3_1
"Indeed the trend from 1983 to 2013 differs significantly (0.33 +/- 0.06C/decade) from the 2000 to 2013 period (0.09 +/- 0.14C/decade), which is no longer a significant warming. This hefty deceleration has occurred even though greenhouse gas emissions continued to rise linearly unabated. We reported multiple times on what the reasons could be for thi.",,1_4
"All this comes with the caveat that inasmuch as most experts accept that seas were rising by 3mm a year in the 1990?? s, the raw satellite data showed next to nothing until it was adjusted. Hence the rate changes discussed in this paper could be an artefact of those adjustments. Sea levels might not have slowed their rate of rise, it may be that it was not rising very quickly in the first place, and is still not rising very fast. Either way, it doesn??t support the theory that pumping out CO2 makes much difference.",,5_1
> >> >There should also be links to SARCOF and the other regional Forums and,,0_0
"We have also found that climate proxy record shows cyclic variations similar to stretching/shortening Schwabe/Hale solar cycles in time, suggesting that both Schwabe and Hale solar cycles are playing important role in climate change. In this paper, we review the nature of Schwabe and Hale cycles of solar activity and cosmic-ray flux during the Maunder Minimum and their possible influence on climate change. We suggest that the Hale cycle of cosmic rays are amplified during the grand solar minima and thus the influence of cosmic rays on climate change is prominently recognizable during such periods.",,2_1
"So there you go, the Talkshop , keeping it real-er than realclimate. Its all thanks to your support that we are still here and rockin forward into 2012. Keep those guest posts and comments coming and lets have a good one!",,0_0
"Under the Kyoto Protocol, for example, companies subject to climate regulations can meet their carbon cap"" by paying for emissions reduction projects in developing countries. According to the journal Nature, the U.N. certified $6 billions' worth of emissions ""savings"" for reductions in HFC-23, a potent greenhouse gas. Yet removing the HFC-23 cost $130 million. That's a lot of waste.""",,0_0
"Signers included 25 climate or atmospheric scientists, 23 geologists, 51 engineers, 74 physicists, and 12 economists.",,0_0
Benjamin Zycher is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute.,,0_0
"At the same time, other vehicle emissions may increase as a result of greater renewable fuel use. Nationwide, EPA estimates an increase in total emissions of volatile organic compounds and nitrogen oxides (VOC + NOx) between 41,000 and 83,000 tons . . . . Areas that experience a substantial increase in ethanol may see an increase in VOC emissions between 4 and 5 percent and an increase in NOx emissions between 6 and 7 percent from gasoline powered vehicles and equipment.",,0_0
"This is an odd contention given that we are now in a multi-year period (12 years and counting) period during which time the global warming has been preceding much more slowly than the climate-model mean projections of the expected rate of temperature rise. And, whats even worse (for the models anyway), is that the rate has now dipped near the lower bound of the 95% confidence range of model projections. If the slowdown continues much longer, it will be a clear indication that something is amiss with the temperature projectionsand thus with alarming claims that depend upon them.",,5_1
Man City-Newcastle 4-1 2-0,,0_0
"These problems are an inevitable consequence of the march of human progress and politics - coupled with more recently acquired sensitivites to the politically incorrect, place names are going to be a perpetual source of irritation. The ribbon-cutting celebration opening Winnie Wharf"" today may well become the offensive Port Elizabeth of tomorrow. And as we are coming to understand, the right of future citizens not to be offended ought to be enshrined in law. On the practical side, though, ad hoc renaming of cities, towns and rivers is likely to be a cumbersome and contentious process. To address this, we should apply a sunset clause to all place names, so that they will automatically expire at set intervals. This way, each new political generation can respond more efficiently to those most recently insulted by the historical fact of their choosing.""",,0_0
"Now that the Spanish government has dramatically curtailed these subsidies, even retrospectively, more than 50,000 solar entrepreneurs face financial disaster and bankruptcy.",,0_0
"The broad conclusion is that the multi-decadal global climate models are unable to to accurately simulate the linear trends of surface and tropospheric temperatures for the 1979-1999 time period on the regional and tropical zonally-averaged spatial scale. Their ability to skillfully simulate the global averages surface and tropospheric temperature trend on this time scale is, at best, inconclusive.",,5_1
"R is the coefficient of determination. It tells us how well the trend line fits the data. An R of 1.0 would be a perfect fit. An R of 0.0 would be no fit. 0.0334 is a lot closer to 0.0 than it is to 1.0. R is related to explained variance. The linear trend line explains about 3.3% of the variation in the temperature data since 1997. 96.7% of the variation was due to natural climatic oscillations (quasi-periodic fluctuations, if you prefer) and stochastic variability.",,0_0
"They pointed out, without too much ado, the innocent fact that since the beginning of the observations in 1979, the year 2013 has seen the greatest increase of the Arctic sea ice area relatively to the previous year's summer minimum.",,1_1
"As the CO 2 content of the air rises ever higher, soybean plants should maintain higher rates of photosynthesis than they do now, even in the presence of environmental stresses including high temperature, water deficit or both of these growth-reducing phenomena. Of all environmental stresses, water stress may be the most important, as water limits the growth of plants in many areas around the globe. The results of this research suggest that, in the words of the authors, the deleterious effects of short-term water deficit on the rate of leaf carbon assimilation in future climates of elevated CO 2 could be rather less than at the present."" And it is just such a phenomenon that may allow plants of the future to recover quicker, following periods of water stress, and bring them back to an enhanced level of photosynthetic activity that allows them to sequester even greater quantities of carbon from the air than they do today. Reviewed 15 December 1998""",,3_3
"House Global Warming Subcommittee Chairman Ed Markey (D-MA) was outraged that a renegade freelance lobbyist had sent a dozen phony letters to members of Congress, urging them to vote against cap-and-trade legislation.",,0_0
"... leaving me in the strangest condition imaginable, with the boat wandering off course, my jaw hanging down to my umbilicus, a pulse rate well into the triple digits, adrenalin-shocked, awed beyond words, smelling like the dumpster behind a cheap fish restaurant, blasted by the natural beauty I had just witnessed, and uncertain whether I was going to vomit or not, but tending toward the former.",,0_0
"Peter J. Fontaine, Mann?s attorney, told The Yale Forum in an e-mail that he believes the press groups are ?flat wrong? in taking the side of what he called an ?industry shill? in this case:",,0_0
"Treasury hiring FOIA officers to withhold information from release to public':""",,0_0
"Four crews have been at the R Plevin and Sons site in Crow Edge, near Penistone, since the wood chippings fire was discovered at about 08:10 BST on Monday.",,0_0
"Back in the 1950s, Gorbachev's predecessor Nikita Khrushchev had seen firsthand how precarious was the edifice of the house that Stalin built on terror and lies. But this fifth generation of Soviet leaders was more confident of the regime's resilience. Gorbachev and his group appeared to believe that what was right was also politically manageable. Democratization, Gorbachev declared, was not a slogan but the essence of perestroika."" Many years later he told interviewers:""",,0_0
"Millions will get laid off in coal mines, power plants, factories, shops and other businesses. Entire families and communities will be pounded and impoverished. Real people's hopes, dreams, pride and work ethic will be replaced by despair and dependency. Bread winners will be forced to work multiple jobs, commute longer distances, and suffer severe sleep deprivation, if they can find work.",,0_0
"There to be clarified first of all if the road of the International Tribunal would be feasible: as a future US administration will in fact never take the responsibility to establish a precedent, sending an ex-President to answer for war crimes abroad? So at most we would have to wait for it to move something in America.",,0_0
"This is amazing, because the IPCC was completely unaware of this phenomenon in 1990. Apparently the world was heating out of control and the climate was collapsing since the middle of the 19th century, but the IPCC completely missed it. They thought that the world warmed much faster coming out the LIA. How could the worlds top climate scientists have been so ignorant?",,5_2
"Without argument, bears always benefit from more seal pups, but Derochers retelling of the seals decline in a section titled, Why progressively earlier breakup of the sea ice negatively affects persistence of polar bear subpopulations was (to be kind) highly deceptive! The seals productivity had plummeted because the Arctic had cycled to years of heavy ice, not due to a progressively earlier break-up. Somehow that critical point escaped peer review.",,3_2
"Since the mid-1980s, what I saw were articles like the one Anthony posted from 1986 were becoming more common. What I observed as professional reporter was that the ozone-layer press releases from NOAA and NCAR and other climate centers were beginning to use the same talking points in their different releases to news desks. Sometimes, these went out on the wire which were then placed into newspapers across the country without the resources to assign reporters to cover the climate.",,0_0
"provides clear evidence FDRs New Deal actually prolonged the Great Depression and that World War II did nothing to create prosperity...Higgs also demonstrates how little-known changes in weapons procurement policy in 194041 transformed the role of defense contractors in the political economy, why the U.S. civilian economy foundered during the Second World War, and how historians and economists have disregarded or misunderstood the economys rapid postwar return to genuine prosperity.",,0_0
The findings indicate that water flea populations can adapt quite rapidly to rising temperatures. The study is the first to show that animal populations can adapt and already have adapted to higher temperatures and increased heat wave frequencies ??? two results of climate change ??? by means of evolutionary changes in their heat tolerance.,,3_2
"32 Milan Vego, Russia and the Return of Geopolitics,"" Joint Forces Quarterly 45 (2007).""",,0_0
Schmidt presciently observed that his readers would not worry about the details:,,0_0
"Dr. Robinson is well known for the Oregon Petition Project, which says there is no convincing scientific evidence"" that humans are causing ""catastrophic heating of the Earth's atmosphere"" or disruption of its climate. It urges Congress to reject the Kyoto global warming agreement and has been signed by more than 32,000 Americans with university degrees in physical sciences (including yours truly and over 9,000 PhDs).""",,5_1
"I'm scared of big government just because it's big. The government is going to spend $2.8 trillion next year. Two-point-eight-trillion anything is scary. How about coming home to find out that your cat had 2.8 trillion warm, fuzzy kittens?",,0_0
"Animation 2 is a similar side-by-side comparison, but on the left are maps of sea surface temperature anomalies and on the right are the H300 maps. The sea surface temperature maps trail the others by a pentad or two, which is why they do not run through July 2. My apologies for the shift in the color scaling for the range of +0.5 to +1.0 deg C in the sea surface temperature anomaly maps. That appears to be a quirk of my computer, not the GODAS website.",,0_0
"Department of physics, Mid Sweden University, 851 70 Sundsvall, Sweden",,0_0
"The Wiki that describes Degree Days is not too bad (at least for now, but since Ive connected it to Global Warming watch out for the AGW Langoliers to start chewing on it):",,0_0
"Johannessen and colleagues analysed satellite data on the Greenland Ice Sheet from 1992 to 2003. They found an increase of 6.4 0.2 centimetres per year in the vast interior areas above 1500 metres, in contrast to previous reports of high-elevation balance. Below 1500 metres, the elevation-change rate is -2.0 0.9 cm/year.",,1_1
"The new approach is to make very general statements about our dire future with only glancing references to secondary literature about climate change or species extinction, all wrapped in a systems analysis"" of the impeding collapse of the planet. Like Limits to Growth, Speth's book offers very little detailed data or analysis of specific ecological problems; recent eco-apocalypse books proceed with the presumption that scenarios of catastrophe are beyond reasonable dispute or qualification and are not even open to discussion. (Speth recently withdrew from a debate about the future of the global environment when he was booked opposite Bjrn Lomborg. Speth is highly critical of Lomborg in Red Sky at Dawn, but is unwilling to face off with Lomborg in a public forum.)""",,0_0
"Provoked Scientists Try To Explain Global Warming Standstill The hunt for this missing energy, and the search for the mechanisms, both natural and artificial, that caused the temperature hiatus are, in many ways, a window into climate science itself. Beneath the sheen of consensus stating that human emissions are forcing warmer temperatures a notion no scientist interviewed for this story doubts there are deep uncertainties of how quickly this rise will occur, and how much air pollution has so far prevented this warming. Many question whether energy is missing at all.",,1_4
"But that conclusion holds true only if there are no other sources of c12 increases which are not human caused. Salby says there are the huge increases in carbon dioxide concentrations caused by such things as spells of warming and El Ninos, which cause concentration levels to increase independently of human emissions. He suggests that its warmth which tends to produce more CO2, rather than vice versa which, incidentally is the story of the past recoveries from ice ages.",,2_3
As James Murray believes that there we be further regional and international conflict because of Global Warming then whats his opinion on further defense spending and the stomach for further foreign Military Intervention.In the name of preventing Climate Change this time.,,0_0
Featured comment by Eric Anderson ; SaskPowers Centennial Wind Power Facility 83 Vestas-V80 with a potential capacity of 150 megawatts of power on 30 km2 or 11.7 mile2,,0_0
"China has resisted an absolute cap on its greenhouse gas emissions, like those developed countries are expected to implement. It says a cap would be unfair because it contributed less to the problem historically, its emissions per capita are still relatively low and it needs leeway to grow its economy.",,0_0
"Our law enforcement agencies have found bodies in the desert either buried or just lying out there that have been beheaded, Brewer said Sunday, suggesting that the beheadings were part of increased violence along the border.""",,0_0
"A recent World Bank report (Climate Risks and Adaptation in Asian Coastal Megacities, October 2010) examined the impact of climate change on Bangkok, Ho Chi Minh City, and Manila, under a range of different scenarios through to 2050. It concluded that the costs from major flooding events on infrastructure and the economy can be expected to run into the billions of dollars, with urban poor populations the hardest hit.",,0_0
Dark and wet...like a mudflat on two sides of the station as seen in the Bing aerial view.,,0_0
UAH MSU satellite records have released the December 2008 data. The anomaly shows 0.074 ??C of cooling since November which is pretty substantial (100 ??C per century haha).,,1_3
"TaxPayers Alliance chief executive Matthew Sinclair, said: Many families are going to struggle to pay their energy bills this winter, but instead of helping, politicians are adding to the problem with expensive green taxes.",,4_1
"William Tucker is a TAE contributing writer, and authors Right Idea"" at TAEmag.com.""",,0_0
"Deploying its members and financial resources, 1199 has branched out to support other progressive"" causes, including tax increases, gay rights, climate change, and an expansive immigration policy. It has helped underwrite ""living wage"" campaigns, including the ""Fight for $15"" fast-food workers' movement, and lent support to the recent antipolice protests in New York City and elsewhere. Now that 1199's longtime friend and former employee, Bill de Blasio, has been elected mayor, the union's power is at an apogee, especially at the city level. The union's continued dominance not only thwarts prospects for health-care reform in New York; it also drowns out any sense of proportion in public discourse, particularly in the city.""",,0_0
"Environmental pressure groups have also claimed that ANWR contains very little oil and natural gas, continued Ebell. ""The U. S Geological Survey's best estimate is 10.4 billion barrels of recoverable oil. That is equivalent to about 30 years of imports from Saudi Arabia, one of our major foreign suppliers. And if the experience of Prudhoe Bay is any guide, there could be much more oil under the coastal plain. The USGS estimated 7 billion barrels at Prudhoe Bay. They have now pumped 13 billion barrels and are still pumping.""",,0_0
"NASA says carbon emissions could cause 30+ year megadroughts. They also said that the California drought was part of natural cycles. What about all the noise we heard about the current drought caused by climate change? From NASA, NASA Study Finds Carbon Emissions Could Dramatically Increase Risk of U.S. Megadroughts",,1_7
"Murari Lal, a climate expert who was one of the leading authors of the 2007 IPCC report, denied it had its facts wrong about melting Himalayan glaciers.",,5_2
"Boeing announced a major restructuring of its defense division on Wednesday that will cut 30 percent of management jobs from 2010 levels, close facilities in California and consolidate several business units to cut costs.",,0_0
"Sources:German Eon Netz (E.ON) Wind Report 2005, Windenergy and WiseEnergy.org ( Wind Energy Facts and Fiction: A Half Truth is a Whole Lie p 7 )",,0_0
"On Earth Two, this is Romney's climate change policy",,0_0
"For his part, Mr. Coles can't understand the hostility. I tell these groups that my concerns are your concerns. I have been protecting the environment here for decades, long before any of them became interested in this land."" He's received offers to buy his land for sums that would make him incredibly wealthy, but has turned them down. ""We love the land. My family has lived here for over 200 years. We're going to continue to live here. That's the reason we decided to keep it, as opposed to selling out."" He says Virginia Uranium will continue to push for the independent study.""",,0_0
Strike four : 30 years ago ice was at its maximum for the century due to the ice age scare. Walt Meier at NSIDC has specifically warned not to use 1981 as typical.,,0_0
"Plus, Oh, Nebraska. So what exactly was different about what Rod Blagojevich did?",,0_0
"For additional information regarding the science behind our concern, we recommend that you contact Harrison Schmitt or Walter Cunningham, or others they can recommend to you.",,0_0
"The UAH graph provides a complete answer to the Chameides attempt to suggest that skeptics are confusing short-term and longer-term temperature changes. The year 2008 will turn out to have been no warmer than 1980 28 years ago. This is not a short-run change: the cooling trend set in as far back as late 2001, seven full years ago, and there has been no net warming since 1995 on any measure. Next, Chameides attempts to suggest that the recent cooling is caused by solar activity. He could well be right however, if so, by the same token the warming that stopped in 1998 could also have been caused by solar activity there was, after all, a solar Grand Maximum in the last 70 years of the 20th century, during which the sun was more active and for longer than at almost any previous similar period in the whole of the past 11,400 years.",,1_4
"Although the likes of Al Gore prefer to avoid the word, their approach to climate change centers on rationing.",,0_0
"As the Stanford project explores better ways to utilize proven and economical energy sources like petroleum, coal and nuclear power, and develops ways to realize the promise of hydrogen, magnetic fusion, geothermal energy, the wind, the sun and biomass, we ought to be guided by five tenets:",,0_0
"Obama, by contrast, has operated the presidency in his first year in exactly the opposite direction. He wants the executive to be a domestic strongman who can speedily dismiss opposition to his health care and economic ambitions. His decisions to try KSM in federal court and to place the Christmas bomber in FBI custody represent an unprecedented effort to leave critical wartime decisionshere, final decisions on the disposition of enemy combatantsup to the other branches.",,0_0
"Further, Figure 2 gives you an indication of just how meaningless the IPCC statement about the paleo-temperature history of the Northern Hemisphere really is. True, even in this proxy reconstruction, the temperatures during the second half of the 20th century were very likely higher than during any other 50-year period in the last 500 years and even likely the highest in at least the past 1,300 years. However, for the major portion of the millennium previous to that, the average proxy temperature was not much different from that observed during the latter half of the 20th century and in fact was probably higher on at least several occasions. Which means that what the IPCC is attempting to get you to inferthat human GHG emissions have pushed the temperature up to unprecedented levelsfalls flat when a slightly longer historical time period is brought into the picture.",,2_1
"While EV promoters may argue the environmental merits of their favored vehicles, they cannot argue the industry's lousy economics. Those troublesome numbers are the reason why Shai Agassi, founder of an electric-car company called Better Place, is now out of a job. In July 2008, Thomas Friedman of The New York Times dubbed Agassi, a former executive at SAP, the Jewish Henry Ford,"" who was launching ""an energy revolution"" that would end the world's ""oil addiction.""",,0_0
"As you can see, there has been an unprecedented increase in visits recently. According to my PCA analysis, and by checking the tea-leaves at the bottom of my cup, I have been able to determine that this is due to a strong upsurge in scepticism regarding the Anthropogenic Global Warming Hype-othesis. The way this correlates with the number of Christmas presents bought over the same period is strong evidence that Santa Claus exists and hasnt sunk through rotten ice after all, despite David Suzukis best efforts to remodel himself as the Grinch who stole Christmas by scaring children into thinking otherwise.",,0_0
"138. Plaintiff?s lawsuit has damaged Defendant Steyn by interfering with his right to express opinions on controversial matters and causing him to expend time, money and effort in having to respond to this lawsuit.",,0_0
He looks at me and now his jaw drops. Then I feel something click in this 17-year old brain.,,0_0
"Using the Wilson cloud chamber , in 1927, Dimitr Skobelzyn photographed the first ghostly tracks left by cosmic rays.",,0_0
"CEI Response: Again, that's five years' worth of data. Why is that more significant than 11 years of data? More pertinently, if there are two processes going on, accumulation of ice in the interior and calving of ice on the coastline, shouldn't the public hear about both?",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Energy Policy Analyst William Yeatman on the implications of Russia's energy strategy:,,0_0
"Inconvenient weather fact: Frequency of violent tornadoes like the one in Oklahoma has been declining, not increasing",,1_7
"Carbon dioxide present in the oceans is essential to plant life and current very low levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere and the ocean are limiting plant growth. All animal life depends on these plants. Mans mining and industrial activities are harmlessly recycling some of this valuable carbon dioxide from natural limestones and hydrocarbons buried in the dead lithosphere, back to the living biosphere.",,3_3
"Some scientists have reported that we are perhaps headed towards a mini ice age. Back in 2011 US solar physicists announced that the Sun appears to be headed into a lengthy spell of low activity, which could mean that the Earthfar from facing a global warming problemis actually headed into a mini ice age. The announcement came form scientists at the US National Solar Observatory (NSO) and the US Air Force Research Laboratory. Three different analyses of the Suns recent behavior all indicated that a period of unusually low solar activity may be about to begin. (5)",,1_2
I prepared CG1 & 2 alone. Even skimming through all 220.000 emails would have taken several more months of work in an increasingly unfavorable environment.,,0_0
"One possible reason for the reversal, say the researchers, is that now, some of the extra atmospheric carbonraw material for photosynthesis???may be feeding back into living plants and making them grow faster. The extra carbon dioxide in the atmosphere may be providing a fertilizing effect, said study coauthor Timothy Hall , a senior scientist at NASAs Goddard Institute for Space Studies . Many other scientists are now working to determine the possible effects of increased carbon dioxide on plant growth , and incorporate these into models of past and future climates.",,3_3
"Over the last 3o years of satellite measurement, the growth of the ice amount in the Southern Ocean which surrounds Antarctica was more than 4 percent .",,1_1
"Global warming is a pivotal environmental and social issue of the 21st century. Its long time scales, diverse consequences, and direct ties to our global energyproduction infrastructure make it challenging for societies around the world to grapple with and threaten humanitys ability to mount an effective response. This challenge is compounded by the complexity of the Earth-human system. The fundamental science of greenhouse gas-induced climate change is simple and compelling. However, genuine and important uncertainties remain (e.g., the response of clouds,",,0_0
"To be sure, the Colorado legislature never authorized the governor to independently impose cuts in greenhouse gases. Instead, by bipartisan majorities, the Colorado House and Senate passed a budget last April that strips the Air Pollution Control Division at the Department of Public Health and Environment of $100,000, which was an estimate of what they might be spending"" on the federal Clean Power Plan, according to Republican state Rep. Bob Rankin, who sits on the Joint Budget Committee.""",,0_0
The result of factoring out this non-GHG warming is illustrated in Figure 4. The 1950-2009 trend drops to 0.061 C/decade.,,0_0
" keeping talks alive with no prospect of success will wreak further incalculable damage on the WTO  Claude Barfield""",,0_0
The Federal Reserve Board's ruling this week on debit card swipe fees could have implications for consumers if banks and retailers decide to pass along the costs of implementing the decision.,,0_0
"The following are town hall meetings being organized by Vice President Gore's office and the White House Office on Science and Technology Policy to examine the vulnerability of various regions of the US to climate variability and climate change and to aggregate information across regions to support a national scientific assessment:""",,0_0
"However, the production outlook for the coming crop year is projected at 18.45 million tonnes the lowest since 2002.",,0_0
"Q. Even putting aside the fact that Exponentsresults were not statistically significant, are you",,0_0
"Families will have to cope with more stress, depression, drug and alcohol abuse, spousal and child abuse. Nutrition and medical care will suffer. More people will turn to crime. More will have strokes and heart attacks. More will die prematurely or commit suicide. For no measurable benefits.",,0_0
"Now consider Obama's green jobs"" plan, which includes regulations, subsidies, and renewable-power mandates. The ""broken windows"" in this case would be lost jobs and lost capital in the coal, oil, gas, nuclear, and automobile industries. Currently, these industries directly employ more than 1 million people.""",,4_1
"The Central Great Plains drought during May-August of 2012 resulted mostly from natural variations in weather, the report said.",,1_7
"But up on Capitol Hill, there appears to be progressbipartisan progress, eventoward changing our immigration laws to reflect current and emerging realities.",,0_0
Hrmed opens me the trees from all sorts of climate discussions.,,0_0
"Far from being the final word on climate change, last week?s United Nations report suggesting near certainty that human activity is causing a rise in Earth?s temperatures is actually further proof that the conventional wisdom is dead wrong and the Earth is cooling right on schedule, according to one of the leading scientists who is skeptical of the climate-change premise.",,1_2
"Recent research suggesting this includes A. T. De Laat, et al. 2004. Industrial CO2 emissions as a proxy for anthropogenic influence on lower tropospheric temperature trends.""",,0_0
The editorial does not speculate about what effect a decade of dampened economic growth might have had.,,0_0
"The above is an extract from the article,' The Fraud of the AGHE Part 18: Conserving Wattage does not Conserve Physics Rant FreeVersion' on Joe Postma's blog, climateofsophistry.com",,0_0
"But if the trend continues, she warned, the water could get too warm, altering the lobster habitat.",,0_0
"Welcome to American Products. American Power. If you shaved today, brushed your teeth, or are reading this on a computer, you already know us.",,0_0
"Despite billions being spent on research to prove that the 'CO2-causes-global-warming' hypothesis has merit, the actual global temperature observations, as shown in the adjacent chart, confirm the spectacular prediction failure of CO2-based climate models.",,5_1
"As we argued in a previous AEI Environmental Policy Outlook in June, a revenue-neutral carbon tax, offset by reductions in taxes on productivity is a superior policy option to carbon emission trading in virtually every dimension. Revenue neutral carbon-centered tax reform would: be more effective at reducing GHG emissions than emission trading; create a revenue stream to offset economic damage of higher energy prices; shift a portion of the tax base from productive endeavor to consumption; be less prone to corruption; require no new collection mechanisms; be predictably adjustable and be self-moderatingnobody is likely to want the tax to be higher than absolutely necessary.",,0_0
"One of the places Matt took us to was Northumberlandia, the Goddess of the North, reputed to be the largest sculpture of a woman on Earth. You can get a sense of the size by noting the cars in the car-park at the lower left, its a million and a half tonnes of earth ...",,0_0
The flight of the planets is nothing nobler; all the arts lose virtue,,0_0
"on Friday, July 23rd, 2010 at 5:54 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"The USA, simply by exploiting shale gas for electricity generation, has already reduced its CO2 emissions by some 9.5% since 2005 . That alone has already had more CO2 emission reduction effect than the entire Kyoto protocol .",,4_5
"Johnston is not attempting to arrive at a scientific conclusion regarding the global warming hypothesis. Rather, he is cross examining the established climate story"" by asking ""very tough questions, questions that force the expert to clarify the basis for his or her opinion, to explain her interpretation of the literature, and to account for any apparently conflicting literature that is not discussed in the expert report"" (6).""",,5_1
"It was disconcerting and even unconscionable that the Chicago media ignored Heartland's Fourth International Conference on Climate Change. While there were reporters and TV stations present at the conference, they were not from Chicago media sources. The bias shown by the Chicago media is unforgiveable.",,0_0
"They visualize a U.S.-China bilateral deal to limit emissions (mainly of carbon dioxide from fossil-fuel burning) that would operate in parallel with the Kyoto Protocol (which neither country plans to ratify). In their plan, the United States buys emission rights from an arbitrary excess quota allotted to China. The authors call it headroom but I call it a subsidy. The United States pays, China gets, and the atmosphere does not benefit because emissions continue essentially unabated.",,4_2
"The press release says it is extremely likely that human influence has been the dominant cause of the observed warming since the mid-20th century . The report fails to acknowledge that global temperatures have been at a standstill for the last 15 years, claiming rather that each of the last three decades has been successively warmer at the Earths surface than any preceding decade since 1850 astatistical sleight of hand.",,1_4
"Now, under my administration, America is producing more oil today than at any time in the last eight years. (Applause.) Thats important to know. Over the last three years, Ive directed my administration to open up millions of acres for gas and oil exploration across 23 different states. Were opening up more than 75 percent of our potential oil resources offshore. Weve quadrupled the number of operating rigs to a record high. Weve added enough new oil and gas pipeline to encircle the Earth and then some.",,4_5
"It has been thought that an increase in carbon dioxide will lead to global warming. While carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has been increasing over the past 100 years, there is no evidence that it is causing an increase in global temperatures.",,2_3
"Like the urchins occupying Wall Street, Rosenthal chides Americans who prefer bigger cars and bigger homes. We value personal freedom, are suspicious of scientists, and tend to distrust the kind of sweeping government intervention required to confront rising greenhouse gas emissions.",,0_0
"Question 6 (for Pederson): In his textbook Earth's Climate: Past and Future, William Ruddiman writes: Earth's temperature reacts strongly to small changes in CO2 values at the lower end of the range (less than 200 ppm), but changes much less at the high end of the range (greater than 800 ppm)"" (page 134). Some sources say that CO2 does most of its warming in the first 20 ppm.""",,0_0
Greg Conko and Henry I. Miller's citation in Farm Press Blog,,0_0
"Of course, even though the headline talks of ???climate change, and even though temperatures haven??t risen in more than 17 years, the article itself still wails about global warming.",,1_4
It would seem the Sierra Club and the American Lung Association have both shilled for the gas companies they claim to loathe. This hypocrisy may explain why the Sierra Club disavowed its relationship with Chesapeake Energy after Time published its expos.,,0_0
"In subsequent months, however, 140 countries declared their endorsement of the accord, and 85 of them made specific pledges for reducing carbon emissions, or at least limited their growth, by 2020.",,0_0
Some would argue that the CO2 reductions create benefits from reduced global warming and the value of these benefits more than offsets the cost of a million lost jobs and trillions of dollars of lost income. There are several ways of looking at these suggested benefits.,,0_0
"Steve Pinker is an evolutionary psychologist, a great thinker, a popular author, an impressive speaker (I remember one of his talks about the evolutionary explanation of the religion: it was cool), and also one of the few brave Harvard professors who have defended Larry Summers when professional women and professional blacks slammed the former Harvard president for the very suggestion that there may exist group differences.",,0_0
2000 worked on the Bush v. Gore case and the Florida recount. Stuart Levey is also a bureaucratic innovator who,,0_0
"Sanger describes the policy review as focusing on the question of what it would take to reverse the momentum in Afghanistan and""",,0_0
"But we also know from the best polls with robust samples of Massachusetts voters and physicians, conducted by Bob Blendon's group at the Harvard School of Public Health, that support for the law has been extraordinarily high. Two years after implementation, 69 percent of residents supported the law, with 77 percent supporting subsidized coverage and 58 percent supporting the individual mandate. Even more striking, in a New England Journal of Medicine study released just a few weeks ago, 70 percent of practicing physicians, with little difference between primary care docs and specialists, supported the program, with just 7 percent saying they wanted the law repealed.",,0_0
"gluon + bottom bottom + Higgs would be both unexpected and highly consequential. In Five faces of the God particle , I explained why the Minimal Supersymmetric Standard Model (MSSM) requires two Higgs doublets that produce five physical states. Both Higgs doublets participate in the electroweak symmetry breaking and both of them are needed to produce masses of particles.",,0_0
"Delving into the Prologue of Saltzman's last and greatest work provides the clue. In his very first pages of Theory of Climate' Saltzman reveals the importance of certain researchers who helped him bridge the climate ""cultural gap."" For Saltzman they ""have brilliantly and painstakingly been reconstructing the paleoclimatic record."" Saltzman goes on to say, ""It is again my hope that this book will help bridge this gap.""",,0_0
"On this basis, two different research groups have independently done their own merging and intercalibration of the data from various satellites which have been in orbit at various times since 1979:",,0_0
"This report confirms that exporting our natural gas will lead to some big winners and many big losers in our economy, Markey wrote in a statement posted online shortly after the release of the DOE report. ""American consumers and manufacturers will be the losers, as exporting natural gas will increase domestic prices by up to 30 percent, and reduce domestic investment and wages by $45 billion per year by 2030.""",,0_0
"The book is well written with ample documentation (numerous hyperlinks in the kindle version). The target audience is the broader public, and the spoiled child metaphor provides a readable narrative for her arguments about the IPCC. Most (not all) of this material Ive seen before, but Laframboises narrative makes a clear and compelling case regarding problems with the IPCC. Notably, she covers distinctly different ground from Montfords book The Hockey Stick Illusion. Her final chapter is entitled Disband the IPCC. She makes a good case for this.",,0_0
"But what if the warming was caused by fewer clouds, rather than the fewer clouds being caused by warming? In other words, what if previous researchers have simply mixed up cause and effect when estimating cloud feedback?",,5_1
"One major challenge is that real uncertainties often turn out to have been underestimated. In many applications, 20%45% of results are surprises, falling outside the previously assumed 98% confidence limits. A famous example is measurements of the speed of light, in which new and more precise mea- surements fell outside the estimated error bars of the older ones much more frequently than expected. This effect arises in predicting river floods and earthquake ground motion and may arise for the IPCC uncertainty estimates .",,5_1
"The governor deflects accusations of an executive grab by claiming the executive order is nonbinding, but that defense doesn't square with the plain wording of the order, which stipulates that Colorado state agencies shall implement strategies to achieve"" greenhouse gas reductions.""",,0_0
"The solution to dealing with the global economic crisis, Klaus told the U.N. General Assembly, did not lie in creating new governmental and supranational agencies, or in aiming at global governance of the world economy.""",,0_0
Spanish Utility blames renewables for 2.0bn loss,,0_0
"Last summer's ratcheting up of sanctions on oil and gas imports from Iran works similarly,",,0_0
"The Heartland Institute of Chicago, Joseph L. Bast, President, held its Fourth International Conference on Climate Change in Chicago at the Marriott Magnificent Mile Hotel on Michigan Avenue from May 16 l8. The Heartland Institute is a nonprofit, nonpartisan Chicago-based research organization founded in 1984. Its purpose is to discover, develop and promote free-market solutions to social and economic problems. For more information about the Heartland Institute, visit http://www.heartland.org/ or call 312/377-4000.",,0_0
"EPA has perverted the Clean Air Act by declaring carbon dioxide a pollutant, despite the plain intent of the laws authors to exclude such naturally occurring gases, and despite major flaws in the science used to claim carbon dioxide endangers human health.",,3_3
He begins by a clear universal explanation of the mechanism of natural selection and evolution. Societies and cultures are claimed to compete in similar ways but Pinker says that this is at most a metaphor because societies and groups in general fail to obey three key conditions of the classical evolution theory:,,0_0
"Patriotism: Working-class voters are highly patriotic. They love their country openly in ways that often seem odd and embarrassing to the educated class. They are likelier to express open support of and deference to the military (while simultaneously recognizing that big military"" is wasteful); their children volunteer for the military in much greater numbers than those of any other class. This is partly economiclearning a trade in the military is a better opportunity for them than for people who think they can graduate from collegebut it is also genuinely patriotic.""",,0_0
"As long as the EPA continues to rely on assumptions about industry activity that are not, in fact, based on actual industry activity, their estimates for methane emissions will remain wrong. The fact that those assumptions result in inflated emissions estimates makes the agencys conscious decision not to adjust its methods even more troubling.",,5_2
"At this point, we might ask, since virtually everything else in the NCA report is based on these computer models, doesnt that invalidate all that follows? It certainly invalidates their dire predictions, but the report also contains assertions that are based on claims other than from models. So lets look at some of those.",,5_1
"Matanuska is clearly in the same climatological zone as Anchorage. This is verified by the correlation between the two records, which is about 0.9. So it would be one of the nearby rural stations used to homogenize Anchorage.",,0_0
"SOURCE: (IPCC FAR WG1 Chapter 9, p. 695)",,0_0
"By David Whitehouse, GWPF, Aug 14, 2015",,0_0
"The results of a new approach to calculating the effect of CO 2 using empirical observations suggest it has a lower impact on the climate than previously thought, and its effects are being over-estimated by the IPCC.",,3_1
"In fact, farmers have managed to keep different crops separate for centuries. Although weed seeds are spread by birds and by weather, pollen moves much smaller distances. Farmers have already agreed on buffer zones between crops that might cross-pollinate, and seed comes with guarantees against the presence of weeds and undesirable species. Trace amounts of foreign seeds and materials are typically allowed. Farmers have legal recourse against neighbors who damage their crops, and insurance companies exist to provide liability coverage against herbicide drift where one farmer's crop abuts another's. No matter, the important point here is that GMO opponents demand another level of purity, because, just like with my friend in the Ozarks, we are having a religious disagreement here, and the legal protections and custom that have allowed all kinds of producers to solve differences sensibly and coexist"" are as passe as iambic pentameter.""",,0_0
"The diplomatic task with respect to China, one that should also be carried out at senior and sustained levels, is not to paper over the many disagreements and clashing political objectives that characterize China-U.S. relations. The task at hand is to manage the growing Sino-U.S. security competitiona competition that increasingly appears to be about two very different visions for Asiaso that rivalry does not lead to conflict. With its economic coercion in blocking the export of a strategic commodity, mixed with its use of gunboat diplomacy, Beijing is looking, as security expert William O'Neil has said, a bit too much like Imperial Japan.",,0_0
The Met Office now confirms on its climate blog that no significant warming has occurred recently: We agree with Mr Rose that there has only been a very small amount of warming in the 21st Century.,,1_4
"Rajendra Pachauri, the chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), appears to be on a media tour intended to rehabilitate both his own reputation and that of the organization he leads.",,0_0
White House Staffers Got a Bigger Raise Than You Did Last Year:,,0_0
"The total sea ice cover around Antarctica shows no significant change since reliable satellite monitoring began in the late 1970s, despite large but counteracting regional changes.",,1_1
"His inelegant attempt to have it both ways on the issue was on stark display last spring during the Yemen crisis, when he tried but failed to twist the facts to fit his fierce his fierce opposition to LNG exports should be blocked. These natural gas supply problems highlight the importance of developing the domestic infrastructure that would allow all Americans to benefit from the low-price, abundant and secure supplies of natural gas now being produced in the United States,"" he wrote to DOE chief Chu in an extended rant against LNG exports. ""I believe that using our domestically produced natural gas here in America to reduce our dependence on foreign supplies should take precedence over any plans to export our natural gas,""",,0_0
"An extremely cold period commonly known in Kuwait as Izairig will continue until the end of the month, says astronomer Adel Al-Saadoun.",,0_0
"Might Brown or his successor pay it back? Who knows. Even if they do pay back the loan, that wont undo the consequences: as environmentalists point out, the loan will delay the implementation of various programs that were intended to cut GHG emissions in the near-term, a delay that wont be recouped even if the loan is repaid.",,0_0
">> At 13:25 28/05/99 +0200, you wrote:",,0_0
"The results just presented beg the following question: If the satellite data indicate an insensitive climate system, why do the climate models suggest just the opposite? I believe the answer is due to a misinterpretation of cloud behavior by climate modelers.",,5_1
"These several observations help to demonstrate the worldwide nature of the millennial-scale oscillation of climate that alternately brings the planet century-scale warm and cold periods independently of any variations in atmospheric CO 2 concentration , which suggests there is no need to invoke the historical rise in the air's CO 2 content as the cause of the Little Ice Age-to-Current Warm Period transition, as it is likely nothing more than the natural continuation of this age-old cycle of climate. Reviewed 16 July 2008",,2_1
"As the international team of researchers from the Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Greece, Sweden and Switzerland describes it, this history depicts ???a long-term cooling trend of -0.30C per 1,000 years over the Common Era in northern Europe?? (see figure below). Most important of all, however, they note that their temperature reconstruction ???has centennial-scale variations superimposed on this trend,?? which indicate that ???conditions during Medieval and Roman times were probably warmer than in the late 20th century,?? when the previously-rising post-Little Ice Age mean global air temperature hit a ceiling of sorts above which it has yet to penetrate.",,2_1
"No one can claim that the answer is that the Chinese and Indian governments have signaled their readiness to respond in kind to U.S. GHG curbs. To the contrary, they continue to insist that the developed countries must commit to pay them for any control costs that they incur. The Chinese and Indian governments' statements are consistent with their behavior. These countries are clearly more interested in dodging the costs of GHG curbs than in capturing the gains from a global control regime.",,4_2
"With a current of warm, moist air coming towards us, our temps have been above normal and with the humidity our low temps have been WAY above normal. Water vapor is very active in the infrared--in fact water vapor is the most important greenhouse gas in the atmosphere. Such gases tend to warm us up at night--- they intercept the infrared radiation leaving the earth and reemit some back down to the surface, thus lessening cooling. There is a reason deserts are cool at night--not much moisture.",,2_3
"James Hansen, Homer Simpson lookalike, is in Melbourne lucky old Melbourne spouting his usual mix of hysteria and lunacy. The Age fawns and grovels at his feet not surprising since acres of Age copy is thanks to Hansen and his ilk.A few quotes deserve mention. On the plus side, he acknowledges that nuclear power has to play a part in Australias energy mix:",,0_0
"Weve been very clear in our national waste plan. Reuse, materials recycling, and waste reduction are what weve called for, she said.",,0_0
"The record of GHG controls has been no more effective than attempts to control over-fishing and other similar problems. Global emissions of CO2, the most important industrial greenhouse gas, currently exceed the 1988 level by over a third. The IPCC and NOAA report that, through the last several decades, the rise in atmospheric concentrations of CO2 has sped up.",,0_0
"Professor Phil Jones is a leading climate scientist and co-director of the Climatic Research Unit (CRU) of the University of East Angliain Cromwell country. Jones is part of a climate scientist cabal, not too distant in puritanical fervor from Cromwell's New Model Army. This cabal ignores all counter evidence and regularly pronounces with the certainty that only faith can give that human emissions are affecting the planet.",,5_2
"These inflated, error-prone, tinkered-with temperature recordings are one of several measurements cited by the U.N.??s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change as evidence man-made global warming is a threat. But the Heartland study concluded, ???The U.S. temperature record is unreliable. And since the U.S. record is thought to be ???the best in the world,?? it follows that the global database is likely similarly compromised and unreliable.??",,5_1
"Given that climate change has been going on for millions of years, mitigating it is going to be a very tall order. Besides, consider that all of that mitigation, even if it could be accomplished, might bring about conditions that are a whole lot worse. For example, what if that 17-year-long global warming pause we have been experiencing turned cold again as occurred during the Little Ice Age between about 1400-1859AD, certainly not my idea of an improvement. Remember hearing about Washingtons troops freezing at Valley Forge in 1777-78, and Napoleons bitterly cold retreat from Russia in 1812? No, give me some of that good ol global warming any day!",,2_1
"There had been 300 years of warming from 1695 to 1995, during which we could not have had any measurable influence over the first 280 years.",,2_1
"15. Meadows, Rander, and Meadows, Limits to Growth: The 30-Year Update, 257258.",,0_0
Recently Xstrata announced plans to cease smelting and refining copper in Queensland. Then Blue Scope Steel decided to reduce production and shed workers. Now Rio has signalled the sale of its aluminium processing empire. Next we can expect that a large coal fired electricity generator will be unable to repay its debts. Cement plants will be squeezed and rail and port costs will increase.,,0_0
"Clearly, there is a pattern here. Once we recognize these indirect criticisms, it should be apparent, even for those sympathetic to growth skepticism, that prosperity is hotly contested nowadays. From television programs to magazine articles to the Internet, we are constantly warned of the supposed downsides of growth. Less really is moreor so we are told.",,0_0
"Bry goes on to note his concern that humans may be living through what many environmentalists and conservationists call the Sixth Extinction,"" which is understood to mean an era when more than half of all earth-living species will croak.""",,0_0
"I have often groused about the lack of security in Microsoft products. While looking to get a Raspberry Pi, I wandered down a set of links that ended up on Yet Another Microsoft Security Hole",,0_0
the world and a number of op-ed pieces appeared. Some were awful. Most have had,,0_0
"A soberer, less silly, less politicized, and less excitable public figure, the UN's Right-to-Food Rapporteur, has also recently used the phrase crime against humanity"", but in the opposite context. Herr Ziegler has said, ""When millions are going hungry, it is a crime against humanity that food should be diverted to biofuels.""",,0_0
"The coral reefs at Milne Bay have been around for a long time and are known for their great biodiversity . I find the claim about reef fish survival due to reduced pH to be puzzling since they seem to be doing well for quite a long time. The fish seem to have not only survived but adapted to their environment. pH is reported to affect coral populations, but the reefs and seeps have been around for a very long time.",,3_2
"The Sea Surface Temperature anomalies of the East Pacific Ocean, or approximately 33% of the surface area of the global oceans, have shown little to no long-term warming since 1982 based on the linear trend. And between upward shifts, the Sea Surface Temperature anomalies for the rest of the world (67% of the global ocean surface area) remain relatively flat. As discussed in my book, anthropogenic forcings are said to be responsible for most of the rise in global surface temperatures over this period, but the Sea Surface Temperature anomaly graphs of those two areas prompt a two-part question: Since 1982, what anthropogenic global warming processes would overlook the Sea Surface Temperatures of 33% of the global oceans and have an impact on the other 67% but only during the months of the significant El Nio events of 1986/87/88, 1997/98 and 2009/10?",,1_4
"The issue here isnt just schadenfreude , although its hard not to feel a bit of that. The issue is that government is inherently less accountable, less transparent and less responsive than private industry.",,0_0
"In 1975, the National Academy of Sciences published the graph below showing that the 1930s were very hot in the northern hemisphere, and that there had been a sharp cooling trend since 1940.",,2_1
"Bangladesh Center for Advanced Studies (BCAS) and the Christian Commission for Development in Bangladesh (CCDB), two organizations active in the area, use this womens collective to begin helping villages respond to the challenges associated with floods. With financial support from Norwegian Church Aid, these two organizations had identified 17 of the villages poorest households and decided to raise the foundational platform, or plinth, of their houses by four feet to protect them from the flood waters. A few other households, after seeing the benefits of such raised plinths, in turn made their own investments to raise the plinths of their houses.",,0_0
This issue of teleconnection was one of the findings in the National Research Council report:,,0_0
The Danish Meteorological Institute reports that Greenlands ice sheet has seen more growth so far this year than in the last four years. Greenlands ice sheet growth in 2015 is also higher than the mean growth for 1990 to 2011.,,1_1
"I warned at the start of the post that wed see the usual Mannian debating trick. B-C said that the Mannian method was susceptible"" to nonsense regressors, a view that I share. Watch the pea under the thimble. Mann re-states this as being ""necessarily"" and then tries to show a situation where the problem doesnt occur thereby supposedly refuting the original claim.""",,0_0
Orbital shifting on climate up to four times as powerful as AGW (human-caused warming),,2_1
Areview of climate policies indicates thatmarket fixinghas had many consequences that one can only hopeits architects did not intended.,,0_0
"I keeps with if (1), in essence, even if I could not express myself in The question of knsligheten. Whether the models are referred to describe not yet been observed klimattillstnd fr nrvarande all can be validated tillfredsstllande, I think is questionable.",,0_0
"As I showed in a recent report for the Manhattan Institute, the Renewable Fuel Standard now imposes about $10 billion annually in additional fuel costs on motorists over and above what they would have paid for gasoline alone. Since 1982, when measured on an energy-equivalent basis (ethanol contains two-thirds as much heat energy as gasoline does), ethanol has always been more expensive than gasoline.",,0_0
"Adjustments are a good thing and the instinctive criticism of all adjustments as a matter of principle is simply not right. I agree with Mosher: these principled"" critics of all adjustments are surely throwing the baby out with the bath water. And by the way, I do agree with the description of those who get crazy whenever somebody mentions the word ""adjustment"" as anti-science nut jobs , and yes, I do think that a large number of such people exists among the WUWT regular readers (but probably among most laymen in the world, too, and maybe they are a majority among the TRF readers as well, sorry).""",,0_0
"In the concluding words Bignami et al ., this study demonstrates that cobia is unlikely to experience a strong negative impact from CO 2 -induced acidification predicted to occur within the next several centuries,"" which consequence they speculate ""may be due to the naturally variable environmental conditions this species currently encounters throughout ontogeny in coastal environments,"" which they further suggest ""may lead to an increased acclimatization ability even during long-term exposure to stressors.""",,3_2
"Acknowledging that those days are over,"" when India and U.S. were on different sides, President Obama emphasized that India is ""indispensable"" to America's vision for the future. Stating that India and U.S. share regional and global security interests, share the desire for an open international economic system and seek a just and sustainable global order.""",,0_0
"The terms ?ecocide? and ?climate denial? of course bring to mind the Holocaust and those revisionist cranks who question its veracity. Environmentalists constantly conjure up Holocaust imagery ? on the one hand to stress that climate change is an indisputable evil, and on the other hand to shut down debate on the matter. Anyone who dares to demand that the claims of greens be scrutinised, anyone who questions the severity of the climate threat or argues that how humanity should handle it is up for debate, is put on a par with Holocaust-denying fraudsters. Greens are making use of the fact that the campaign to criminalise Holocaust denial has grown in recent years, consciously putting ?climate change denial? on a par with Holocaust denial so that those who question environmentalism can be prosecuted, too.",,5_2
"Congressional committees and our next President must subject secret data, computer codes, models, and studies to full review by independent experts to determine which assertions, policies, and regulations are reasonable and legitimate, and which are based on serious error, deceptive claims, or outright fraud.",,5_2
"A female jail guard's strip search of a male inmate was a humiliating event"" that violated his rights, a divided federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled Wednesday.""",,0_0
"#4. The simple 5-year moving average curve during the very recent past indicates a declining period for 30-year changes, possibly signalling an extended cooling phase is upon us.",,1_2
CEI Experts Available to Comment: Senior Fellow Iain Murray on what every citizen should know about global warming.,,0_0
"Morano followed up by showing slides of quotes by noted climate alarmists making outrageous claims of doom and gloom. At several points the crowd broke out in laughter or were simply astonished, such as when Morano showed them quotes by famous green thinkers saying insensitivity to global warming alarmism is a sin,"" and then viewing pictures of climate protestors praying to Mother Earth at a recent march and vigil in New York City.""",,5_2
"The union puts that power to a host of political uses, starting with state-level lobbying, which consumes by far the largest portion of its political budget. State filings show that 1199 and its affiliate, the Healthcare Education Project, have spent $30.7 million over the last decade, a sum that surpasses even the lobbying expenses of a perennial Albany powerhouse, the New York State United Teachers.",,0_0
"It is long past the time to have a real energy policy, one that works for America, not against it.",,0_0
Experts say that the Arctic will be ice-free in seven months.,,0_0
"Interesting to note that Oklahoma minimum temperatures in 2011 were in the bottom ten,includingthe coldestOklahomatemperature ever recorded, -31F on February 10, 2011.",,1_3
"Indeed, Mann's recent New York Times op-ed begins with a blanket defamation of anyone who has ever questioned his global warming orthodoxy, people he describes as a a fringe minority"" which ""clings to an irrational rejection of well-established science,"" promoting a ""virulent strain of anti-science.""",,5_2
"The IPCC also questions it, for it claims only a 90% to 95% probability of human influence. Note that is an opinion without evidence, unless one considers flawed climate models to be evidence.",,5_1
What about Russian astrophysicist Habibullo Abdussamatovs contention that were headed into a little ice age? No mention of him.,,1_2
"But skiers can enjoy the snowfall. In the Carpathians, snow does not stop almost daily. The slopes of the tourist complex Bukovel are covered by 10 -cm layer of snow. If this continues, management is optimistic and hopes this years ski season will start in the middle of November.",,1_3
"The fact that we had both higher temperatures and an ice age at a time when CO2 emissions were 10 times higher than they are today fundamentally contradicts the certainty that human-caused CO2 emissions are the main cause of global warming, Moore said.",,2_3
"One-fiftieth of a Celsius degree of warming forestalled is all that complete, global compliance with the Copenhagen Accord for an entire decade would achieve. Yet the cost of achieving this result an outcome so small that our instruments would not be able to measure it would run into trillions of dollars. Do your Treasury models demonstrate that this calculation is in any way erroneous? If they do, junk them.",,4_2
"In the Northern Hemisphere, Figure 12, according to the models, the sea surface temperatures should be warming about 3.4 times faster than has been observed for the past 17 years. The model performance in the Southern Hemisphere is even worse, Figure 13. There, the models show a warming rate that is about 8.5 times higher than the actual warming rate. In total, for the global oceans, the models have projected a warming thats 5 times higher than the rate the oceans have actually warmed. The model trend isnt 50% higher, not twice as high, not three times. The models are off by a factor of 5. Written another way, global sea surface temperatures have warmed at a rate over the past 17 years thats only 20% of the rate projected by the multi-model mean of the climate models presented to the CMIP3 archive for use by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in its 4 th Assessment Report published in 2007.",,5_1
I appreciate that attitude?but I?m wondering whether filing suit might actually accomplish a great deal more for the cause of free speech. Maybe what we need is precisely Curry vs. Mann.,,0_0
"He even offered to represent the health departments archenemy, possibly for less than his usual rate. He said if a soda company would like to call me so we can do a commercial, Ill sing and dance for them and I wont charge an arm and a leg.",,0_0
"A paper published today in Quaternary Research reconstructs drought and fire activity in Idaho during the Holocene and finds droughts have been relatively less common and rainfall less variable over the past century in comparison to the past 1,900 years. In addition, the paper finds fires were more common ~900-400 years ago in comparison to the past century. Contrary to the claims of climate alarmists, the paper finds fire activity is more common during wetter periods compared to drier, due to the denser vegetation and more variable climate. The paper adds to many other published papers finding there is nothing unprecedented, unusual, or unnatural about present day drought , extreme weather , and fire activity .",,1_7
John Christie pointed out that the models with the highest climate sensitivity are also the ones which are the worst at predicting future temperatures.,,5_1
So the spouse hands me a scrap of paper and says One of the people I know asked me to ask you to watch this and tell her what you think of it. Which really means tell the spouse who will tell something slightly different to the friend of a friend.,,0_0
"We are close enough to next Tuesday to have a good idea of what the weather will be like that day. Here is the latest forecast by the National Weather Service's GFS Model for 5 PM on Tuesday (sea level pressure plus the amount of rain over the past 12 hours). Very Benign Forecast! Almost no precipitation over the U.S, except for guess where? No matter, we are used to rain and everyone knows which presidential candidate will win this state. And high pressure dominates the continental U.S. and most of Alaska.",,0_0
"Dear Steve, the satellite record measures a different quantity than the weather-station-based global mean temperature, so there is no good reason to think that their graphs and trends should agree. In other words, the disagreement between these two different types of datasets doesnt imply that there is a mistake in either of them.",,0_0
"It is baffling that newspapers and magazines have failed to publicize the increase in Canada's oil reserves, of more than 100 billion barrels, while rushing to cover one oil firm's negative reassessment of less than 6 billion barrels. Numerically speaking, the Alberta tar sands' numbers tower over the Shell statistics by almost 170 billion barrels.",,0_0
"Companies that fail to register their energy use by next month will be hit with fines that could reach 45,000 under the little-known rules. Those that do participate in the Carbon Reduction Commitment (CRC) initiative by declaring their energy use will face charges for every ton of greenhouse gas they produce. These payments are expected to average 38,000 a year for medium-sized firms, and could reach 100,000 for larger organisations.",,0_0
"In Massachusetts v. EPA, the Supreme Court legislated from the bench, authorizing and indeed pushing EPA to control emissions of greenhouse gases (GHGs) for climate change purposes. This is a policy decision of immense economic and political magnitude that Congress never intended or approved when it enacted and amended the Clean Air Act (CAA or Act).",,0_0
"The results of this study clearly show, contrary to the predictions of some - such as Butzer (1980), for example - that a northward migration of climatic zones in central North America does not appear to be occurring. The authors say that this suggests a lack of evidence for any systematic wintertime warming in the central United States that might be anticipated under a global-warming scenario."" They also note that the same holds true for the summer-sensitive Dfa/Dfb climate boundary (where Dfa climates have distinctly warmer summers than Dfb climates), as demonstrated by Mitchell and Kienholz (1997) in a similar study based on July mean temperatures in the north-central and northeastern United States. These studies thus make an even stronger case than we make for the non-existence of global warming, as we only claim it has not warmed since 1930 (see our Editorial of 1 July 2000 ). References""",,1_4
Had Epstein et al. factored in a lower value of life and smaller climate damage estimates (more in line with recent observations) and their low end could drop to about $50 billion per year.,,0_0
"Pilmer claims that the warm periods (such as the Medieval Warm period and the Roman Period) had were times of plenty. Southern Italy had rain all the year round in the 2nd century AD (now only winter rain). North Africa, Central America and Central Asia were warmer and wetter. (p.59) This was a time of population increase, with crop failures and famine becoming a rarity.(p.60). A simliar story for the MWP, where England and China (p.68) flourished. It was warm enough for a Viking colony to establish on Greenland, growing crops.",,2_1
"A further study on North American drought story appeared in mid-2013 in PNAS by Asmerom et al. Interestingly, these authors describe a long-lasting mega-drought that over three centuries took place in the Little Ice Age. Yemane Asmerom and colleagues see a connection with the low solar activity at this time, which had changed the monsoon. Here is the short version:",,1_7
"Having sown the wind, EPA risks reaping a whirlwind of angry opposition from governors, mayors, congressional appropriators, small business, unions, talk radio, etc. No agency likes to surrender power, and for EPA there is no power more seductive than the power to regulate CO2, which would expand the Agency??s reach to virtually every nook and cranny in the economy. Once unleashed, however, the coveted power is subject to the vagaries of litigation. EPA may find itself responsible a regulatory chain reaction it cannot control.",,4_1
"12. More recently, in response to the data showing no warming for the last 10 years, I have seen new claims that global land temperatures are now deemed irrelevant. The newly discovered measure of importance is the rise in ocean temperature, since it is now claimed that this is by far the largest planetary heat sink. If that claim is true, it makes all the previous data claiming to show strong global warming over the period 1975 to 1998 also irrelevant. To suggest that from 1975 to 1998, the energy went into warming the land and air and then abruptly in 1998 it stopped doing that and the heat instead went into heating the oceans is, to me, completely absurd. Nature simply does not work that way. It is like claiming you put the kettle on, for the first minute the energy goes into heating the water and then abruptly it stops heating the water and starts heating the room instead.",,1_4
"Yesterday, the boss addressed an article in a recent edition of The Economist reporting wishing for the downfall of The Heartland Institute . Definitely check it out especially for the part in which the esteemed international publication acknowledged Heartland s important and influential position in the climate debate.",,0_0
Marshall Institute Comments on the Draft Strategic Plan of the U. S. Climate Change Science Program,,0_0
"The resulting fires are not the forest-rejuvenating"" blazes of environmentalist lore. They are cauldron-hot conflagrations that exterminate wildlife habitats, roast bald eagle and spotted owl fledglings alive in their nests, boil away trout and trout streams, leave surviving animals to starve, and incinerate every living organism in already thin soils that then get washed away during future downpours and snowmelts. Areas incinerated by such fires don't recover their arboreal biodiversity for decades.""",,0_0
"Smith goes so far as to state, In spite of the development push that began in the 1960's, it seems unlikely that the area cleared today is any larger than it was in 1500 the area of forest is probably greater now than when the Europeans arrived."" (Smith, pp.231-245)""",,0_0
"In those parts of the world where there has been some recession of mountain glaciers, such as the Alps, researchers are finding long-lost medieval forests, mountain passes and even an entire silver mine. Besides, the retreat of the mountain glaciers began in many places in 1880, long before we could have had any influence.",,2_1
"This is part of a long-term strategy to privatize the public's forests, a process implemented during the Reagan Revolution through stepwise defunding of land management agencies in the name of trimming budgets"". The process continues to this day and has forced the U.S. Forest Service to seek funds from the private sector simply to continue on. Nor is the larger plan confined to the national forests alone but includes the federal lands generally BLM lands, national parks and wildlife refuges as well, collectively nearly a third of the nation. At about the time the NFF was being created, corresponding foundations were established in the form of the National Park Foundation and the Fish and Wildlife Foundation.""",,0_0
"We must drill safely, use fuel more efficiently in vehicles and power plants, and get more from every underground reservoir. And we could do so, if government would allow it.",,0_0
2. But isn't global warming threatening public health by causing a resurgence of diseases like malaria?,,0_0
"Hydraulic fracturing (fracking) has sent U.S. oil, natural gas, and propane production soaring. Natural gas output is up 36% since 2005. Oil output is expected to increase another 780,000 barrels per day (BOPD) in 2014 and reach 9.6 million BOPD by 2019. The United States is now importing half of what it did in 2005.",,4_5
"This is very simple: if the atmosphere increases its power output, which is exactly what happens if it increases in temperature since power emission goes as temperature to the fourth power, then for PSunto remain constant, PSurfmust decrease which means that the Earths surface must decrease in temperature. Note how different this ontological result is from the greenhouse alarmists botched equation we analyzed above its the exact opposite result.",,5_2
"Ice Core Analysis Shows Fastest Decline in Solar Activity for 10,000 Years",,0_0
"But that admonition has been largely ignored and the politics of personal destruction continues. Lest anyone think that this conclusion is exaggeration, consider for a moment what some climate change advocates have asserted.",,0_0
"The Arctic is getting greener as plant growth increases in response to a warmer climate. This greater plant growth means more carbon is stored in the increasing biomass, so it was previously thought the greening would result in more carbon dioxide being taken up from the atmosphere, thus helping to reduce the rate of global warming.",,3_1
"The study is part of a fast-emerging field in which scientists combine the data from many natural indicators of past climates to reconstruct what sorts of temperatures and rainfall were experienced over large areas of the globe long before scientific weather records were kept. Such work is providing a much better picture of the past climate, a subject of increasing importance after a century in which the Earth's average temperature increased by one degree Fahrenheit.",,0_0
I guess they really dont have a full handle on the science and consensus after all.,,0_0
"Hillary Clinton called out climate change deniers at a clean energy conference in Las Vegas Thursday evening, but revealed little new about what her own energy policy platform might look like if she decides to run for president.",,0_0
"The State Department has found that the pipeline will have minimal impact on the surrounding environment and no significant effect on the climate. Recent expert testimony before the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology confirms this finding. In fact, even if the pipeline is approved and is used at maximum capacity, the resulting increase in carbon dioxide emissions would be a mere 12 one-thousandths of 1 percent (0.0012 percent). There is scant scientific or environmental justification for refusing to approve the pipeline, a project that the State Department has also found would generate more than 40,000 U.S. jobs.",,0_0
"The incident shortwave radiation at the top of the atmosphere is based on a climate model forcing. The CMIP5 Modeling Info Forcing Data webpage provides a link to the SOLARIS website for the recommended solar forcing data. The recommendations can be found here . They recommend a total solar irradiance reconstruction by Judith Lean, and provide very clear instructions for solar cycles in the futurerepeat Solar Cycle 23.",,0_0
World Resources Institute has a post Adapting to Climate Change in Bangladesh . Excerpts:,,0_0
Surface temperature trend (HadCRUT4) = 0.3 F/decade,,0_0
"They found a pH range from ~8.0 to ~7.6 standard units and -aragonite ranges from ~3.7 to ~1.9. They found some species variations that couldnt really be assigned to pH differences and were similar to other reefs. In general, they found a healthy, thriving coral system. The negative seems to be increased macrobioerosion with decreasing pH.",,3_2
"The United States should be taking steps to ensure a sufficient supply of electricity to cope with the lower temperatures, but has been wasting billions to support renewable energy, wind and solar, that is costly and ineffective. The U.S. Energy Department projects that solar power will make up 0.6 percent of total U.S. electricity generation in 2015. Wind power which is funded in part by taxpayer subsidies to stay in business has received $7.3 billion over the past seven years, but produces a minimal amount of electricity to justify its cost.",,4_4
"Mark Lynas (left), with Bob May (right) at the Oxford is My World lectures, organised by Oxford City Council, to persuade its population to cut their CO2 emissions",,0_0
Many organisations in rural Australia behave like turkeys. They are happily taking money from government believing they will keep getting fed. Of course government is handing out a lot of money at the moment.,,0_0
Antarctic airstrip melting away I4U News,,0_0
"Federal court decisions in 2006 and 2007 resulted in the revocation of field trial permits to test several different genetically engineered varieties, establishing the precedent that nearly any cultivation of a new genetically engineered plant would require an EIS. Two additional lawsuits filed to stop the approval and commercial sale of genetically engineered alfalfa and sugar beet varieties have been a nightmare for plant breeders, the seed industry, and especially farmers. Ironically, in none of those cases was there any actual environmental harm; quite the opposite, in fact.",,0_0
"Climate change chatter ran rampant after an unusually violent string of twisters in 2011 (see chart above), including a Joplin, Mo., storm that killed 158 people. After tornadoes took at least 24 lives in Moore, Okla., on Monday, headlines are once again raising the question: Will a warming world fuel more tornado strikes?",,0_0
"The sea surface temperatures in that NINO3.4 region warm and cool directly in response to the El Nio and La Nia events, so the swings in temperature there are quite large, much greater than the variations in the other datasets well illustrate. To accommodate the differences, the monthly values of the NINO3.4 data are multiplied by a common factor to reduce the variations. That simple process is called scaling. Ive also shifted the NINO3.4 data back in time in one graph to better align the wiggles in the two variables. That was done to account for the time lag between the changes in temperature in the NINO3.4 region and the responses of the Rest-of-the-World sea surface temperatures. The scaled NINO3.4 sea surface temperatures are the purple curves in the following graphs.",,0_0
"So even though evidence shows the vested interests are 3500 times larger on the believer side, and a $176 billion dollar market hangs for its very life on the truth (or not) of the great climate scare, Manne thinks he was beaten by big money. And that kind of thinking is why the intellectuals keep coming up with potty ideas.",,0_0
"First, our environment is already clean and safe not sure we need more environmental snake oil salesmen.",,0_0
"An automobile's carbon footprint is proportional to vehicle weight, so the new regulation will make larger cars more expensivework trucks will cost a lot more for blue collar Americans in the country's heartland. But that's of little concern to Prius-driving coastal urbanites.",,0_0
NEW VIDEO: Global Warming and Eco-Imperialism,,0_0
Judge Forces Obama Administration to Disclose Climate Documents,,0_0
"Aha! say the hated climatocrats and smirking Ministers, ""but we haven't actually taken Peter Spencer's land. It's still his. All we've done is to regulate his use of it, just as we do for instance with the zoning laws.""",,0_0
"They love their armies and fast cars, treat their own people like terrorists, and have betrayed our continent. They pay no attention to the most critical and fundamental needs and concerns of people who are jobless, poor, hungry, and at the mercy of diseases and the environment. They do not care that most of their people never have clean water, a decent home, enough food to live, or electricity for even one light bulb and a tiny refrigerator.",,0_0
"As Albert Einstein once said, a good theory predicts things in advance anda bad theory needs additional adjustments after each new discovery. The problem with the anthropogenic warming theory is: it cannot sustain anything new. For every new and unexpected climate or weather trend aspecial sub-theory must be developed, and it doesnt matter if they often completely contradict each other.",,5_1
"Despite Real Climates predictable take on the situation, many long-time students of Antarctic climate change ( including usns here at WCR ) yawned. It has been known for decades that there is a net warming in Antarctic surface temperature that began during the International Geophysical Year in 1957. However, what is also well known, is that the vast majority of the observed warming in Antarctica took place from the late 1950s through the early 1970s and that since thenduring a period going on 40 years nowthere has been very little net temperature change over Antarctica taken as a whole.",,1_1
"The headline aims p that today I best Christmas lunch with the editors on the world today. Otherwise is the world like himself, Besides a ovntad kldknpp. Slowly but safe spreads Climategate in the Swedish media. Today's editorial in DN, signed Rikard Westerberg, is a frsiktig ppning from DN's side.",,0_0
I agree with the importance of extreme events as foci for public and,,0_0
The Sun's Impact On Earth's Temperature Goes Far Beyond TSI New Paper Shows,,2_1
"Johnathon Nott studied storm surges in North Queensland over the last 5,000 years and found that things have been fairly quiet for the last 200 years compared to the past.",,1_7
"In the episode, clouds of smug from Toyonda Pious"" sales in South Park, George Clooney's acceptance speech at the 78th Academy Awards, and San Francisco's pretensions as a progressive city all coverge, creating a ""perfect smug storm"" that threatens to destroy everything in its path. The citizens of South Park scrap their hybrids just in time to avoid annihilation, although thousands of homes are destroyed. However, it is too late to save San Francisco, which ""disappears up its own @!*hole.""",,0_0
"There is a lot more 3+ metre thick ice than there was two years ago, when David Barber declared that all the multiyear ice was gone.",,1_1
"And in this sense, we already have carbon taxes. The U.S. (andCanada, and much of Europe) already have dozens of hidden carbon taxesvehicle fuel economy standards, appliance standards, renewable fuel mandates, building insulation standards, mass-transit subsidies, etc.",,0_0
"Thats very obvious. We showed the sea surface temperatures for the global oceans have warmed in Figure 2. If the East Pacific data hasnt warmed in 30 years, then the warming has to have come from someplace and logically thats going to be in the sea surface temperature data for the area were calling the Rest-of-the-World. We can see this in a graph that compares East Pacific and Rest-of-the-World sea surface temperature anomalies, Figure 6.",,0_0
"There are better, more cost-effective ways to improve and protect the nation's air quality.",,0_0
"I just returned from the dinner in the Society of Fellows which was fun, after a long time of having no such dinners. Andy Strominger confirmed my hypothesis that he is the center of the Universe if the metric is defined by the collaboration distance that we recently discussed on this blog. Several years ago, he was actually the #2 but it is more or less guaranteed that he became the #1.",,0_0
"Conflicting statements by the two different NASA entities brings into focus several political and scientific questions. This article will address one of the scientific questions, specifically the root cause of western Pacific Ocean warming during the 2000-2015 time period. Discussions of the other questions arising from this NASA infighting such as the nature / validity of the global warming pause, NASAs ever diminishing scientific credibility, and NASAs apparent inability to communicate internally will be covered later.",,0_0
"Apart from ecology, lawyers have their own philosophy, called jurisprudence. Like Ambrose Bierce, some medieval Scottish lawyers may not be recognised as philosophers, but showed perspicacity in taking the Latin verb reptare (to crawl or creep) and forming the legal terms subreption and obreption. These mean, respectively, to crawl under the truth, and to crawl over it; in other words to mislead by telling less than the whole truth, or by telling more than the whole truth. In bushfire debate, as in courtrooms, we need the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth.",,0_0
"They are preparing to be air lifted out by a helicopter from the Chinese ice breaker Snow Dragon which can lift passengers with a hoist, or land nearby on the ice. Passengers have been using shovels to create a makeshift landing pad.",,0_0
"The actual rate of warming is modest and non-accelerating. A better title for a documentary about global warming would be: Apocalypse Not!""",,0_0
"Graph and fitted spline curve from 1979 through to February 2008, from Professors John Christy and Roy Spencer, University of Alabama, Huntsville",,0_0
"By Jo Nova, Her Blog, Aug 14, 2015",,0_0
"Here we go again, the modelers cant model clouds. These people need to listen and pay attention.",,0_0
4) No advanced nation or group from such a nation has a right to sanctimoniously demand that people from developing nations forgo their hopes for a better standard of living.,,0_0
Need to Research Geoengineering as a Possible Means of Adaptation,,0_0
"However, that post also illustrated a very important point: the sea surface temperatures for the larger portionrepresenting the South Atlantic, Indian and West Pacific Oceans or about 53% of the surface area of the global oceansactually cooled between the major El Nio events. Refer to Figure 10. Its Figure 5-23 from my book Who Turned on the Heat? where this topic is also discussed in detail.",,0_0
Muir Russel report caught red handed deleting evidence of climate scientists being caught red handed manipulating the game.,,5_2
"If I gave the impression that CRU used an inadequate dataset, so be it. CRU did use an inadequate dataset. Their recommended Polar Urals chronology had only two trees during part of the 11th century.",,0_0
The fact that we found it difficult to discern warming trends at many stations that are not located in rapidly developing urban areas may indicate that the actual increase in global temperature caused by anthropogenic perturbation is less pronounced than estimated in the last IPCC Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change .,,5_1
"CAFE is one of those failed government programs that has had some very unpleasant, unintended consequences. By indirection, it has limited consumer choice, on average, to vehicles that are lighter and smaller than would otherwise be the case. Laws of physics demonstrate that that reduces the protection provided to the occupants.",,0_0
"Wind Power Prices Rising, Defying Predictions of Renewable Power Apologists",,0_0
"In 1974, the consensus agreed that global cooling was the new normal, and thatmuchmoney was needed to study it. 97% of scientists understood that global cooling causedextremeweather.",,1_2
"In fact, the power was still off for hundreds of thousands of households in North Carolina, and forecasters warned that black ice was setting in on roads in the western part of the Triangle.",,0_0
Obama Will Personally Attend UN Climate Summit- Will it be a Repaeat of Copenhagen?,,0_0
"And the fabricated documents (which Dr. Mann apparently still thinks is factual) which lead to the sort of misinformation Dr. Mann uses, are here: http://www.powerlineblog.com/archives/2012/02/global-warming-alarmists-resort-to-hoax.php",,5_2
Climate variability or climate change are popularly reported to be significant causes of the mass killing in the Darfur region that began in 2003 All studies of this conflict agree that it is not possible to isolate any of these specific causes as being most influential . Most authors identify government practices as being far more influential drivers than climate variability noting also that similar changes in climate did not stimulate conflicts of the same magnitude in neighboring regions,,0_0
"The sea surface temperature anomalies for the NINO3.4 region in the eastern equatorial Pacific (5S-5N, 170E-120E) are a commonly used index for the strength, frequency and duration of El Nio and La Nina events. We keep an eye on the sea surface temperatures there because El Nio and La Nia events are the primary cause of the yearly variations in global sea surface temperatures AND they are the primary cause of the long-term warming of global sea surface temperatures over the past 30 years. See the discussion of the East Pacific versus the Rest-of-the-World that follows.",,2_1
"Next, the building of new, high-tech coal-fueled power plants has been impeded or totally blocked. In America, we are limping by with a generation of coal plants far behind those currently being built in China. The regulations on anyone who tries to build a coal plant, as President Obama promised, ??? will bankrupt them ???-resulting in very few new coal-fueled power plants. The older plants had weather related problems and had to be shut down. Their closure put more demand on the gas-fueled plants-which also strained the natural gas delivery to commercial and residential customers.",,4_1
"Sea ice area is above normal in the Beaufort Sea, and unprecedented below freezing temperatures are forecast for most of the rest of the July.",,1_1
"But scientists use a very different methodology. Climate science is made out of thousands of distinct technical questions. The answers to many of them are completely unknown and mostly uncorrelated to each other. There's no big-picture"" way to answer all of them as long as people are doing science. So as long as one studies things that are close to the cutting edge, he will inevitably find scientists who will disagree about the answers to these technical questions. If a community agreed about all things they're researching, it would mean that they're not doing any real research: they're either participating in a parroting exercise to support a predetermined uniform ""ideology or motivation"", or they're just repeating true tautologies that have been previously established.""",,0_0
"As far as England & Wales are concerned, there is nothing in the data which provides evidence that The increases in days of heavy rain and the greatest annual 5-days precipitation amounts suggest a tendency for an increasing likelihood for extreme heavy rainfall events . Even winter months show no such trend, as I showed in an earlier post here .",,1_7
Last May I wrote about a study which he had authored where he found that weather extremes in the Alps had not increased.,,1_7
"Spencer tells OneNewsNow, however, that you can't have it both ways.",,0_0
"After GISS??s embarrasing error with replicating September temperatures in the October analysis, the NASA GISTEMP website was down for awhile today (at least for me).",,5_1
> >> >>entire draft is attached.,,0_0
"international leadership, the working level implementation of the sanctions has",,0_0
"A New Jersey Little League is taking safety up a notch. For the first time they're requiring all their volunteers be fingerprinted. We're talking coaches and concession stand workers, too.",,0_0
"Yes, thats right, deadly man-made CO2 is the largest cooling agent of the stratosphere as demonstrated by this computer-modeled representation of stratospheric cooling rates:",,2_3
> >> thinking about these issues in Africa. For the first of the two,,0_0
"By the time we arrive in Mitradanga it is late afternoon. The sun is beginning to dip over bamboo trellises that trail ripening squash over a mass of water hyacinth. Birds fly low over the surface of the water, black against a peach-pink sky.",,0_0
"I can't stand pompous fools, people who are completely dumb but who like to pretend how wonderfully smart they are. So it is not hard for you to guess that I was rather upset when I was forced to read a new preprint by David Deutsch and Chiara Marletto and the associated hype in Scientific American:",,0_0
FactCheck: Scientists also say that the ice sheet is melting at the ocean's edge .,,0_0
Margaret Wente pekar p flera riktiga miljproblem som hamnat helt i skuggan av CO2. Agendan att avveckla fossilbrnslen har istllet varit hgsta prioritet.,,0_0
"The Lake Baikal study shows that warming has occurred in the most recent century, but it is certainly nothing out of the ordinary and possibly to some degree explained by non-greenhouse forcing. The Osborn and Briffa proclamation that the 20th century was somehow out of the ordinary is certainly not confirmed by the incredible reconstruction from Lake Baikal.",,2_1
"During my career within the military operations, I would get familiar with the Bosnian and Herzegovinian matters as well as issues of other successor states of former Yugoslavia, with Afghanistan, very shortly with the questions surrounding the Iraq conflict, and especially with Kosovo.",,0_0
"As noted above, the application of likelihood methods to assess trend confidence intervals under different autocorrelation structures seems so obvious and is so easy to implement that one would expect it to be almost routine. And perhaps it is in some circles, but, if it is, it hasnt been mentioned in any of the recent climate debate on trends.",,0_0
"As a result of these various phenomena, Darbah et al .'s gas exchange measurements indicated that whereas the CO 2 -induced stimulation of net photosynthesis in aspen clone 42E was about 31% over the leaf temperature range 32-35C, it was approximately 218% over the temperature range 36-39C, while for aspen clone 171 the corresponding enhancements were 38 and 199%, and for the birch trees they were 95 and 297%.",,3_3
Education Minister slams universities elitist view Australias $46m Antarctic airstrip melts Asian banks fill the funding gap Overcrowded prisons festering ...,,0_0
"In Figure 3, HADISST Global SST anomaly data from January 1935 to December 1974 are compared to CRUTEM3 Land Surface Temperature data. Again, the data have been smoothed with a 13-month filter. And again, scaled HADISST NINO3.4 SST anomalies are provided for comparison. Global land surface temperatures also appear to be responding to an El Nino event around that time. But looking at other ENSO events, global land surface temperatures do exaggerate some ENSO events but not others. And looking at the land surface temperature data for 1938/39, there was also a similar anomalous rise and fall without an El Nino event.",,0_0
"The US budget deficit shot up 15.7 percent in the first six months of fiscal 2011, the Treasury Department said Wednesday as political knives were being sharpened for a new budget battle.",,0_0
"Instead of insults, these legislators should be lauded for trying to save the American economy. Even the EPA admits that regulating greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act is absurd."" To avoid having to shackle the entire economy, the EPA wants to increase the threshold for the regulation of greenhouse gas ""pollution"" under the Act. Otherwise, the EPA argues, it will be forced to regulate almost everything, which would be, the EPA concedes, ""absurd.""",,0_0
"And when one examines the last 17-years, the satellite global temperature trend becomes slightly less than zero (i.e. global cooling). As a prominent climate alarmist scientist determined recently in a peer reviewed paper:",,1_4
"We already have Climate Audit, but now it looks like we may be getting ?Climate Scientists on Trial?. Here?s a site you?ll want to subscribe to, bookmark ? or at least visit on a regular basis:",,0_0
"But it's not just us here in America. How can the human race possibly achieve greater prosperity without bringing electricity to the billions of people on Earth who do not yet enjoy its blessings? The WWF's campaign doesn't say. Instead, it simply relies on the worn-out idea that humans once lived in harmony"" with nature and that ""the planet"" would be better off (for whom?) if we all returned to a simpler, less technologically dependent lifestyle.""",,0_0
"Even then, it would take of the damning evidence. It is true that slowly even Congress is putting out reports highly critical of the choices and behaviors of members dellAmministrazione Bush, as for example the result of the Commission sullIntelligence led by Senator John Rockefeller IV, published about a month ago. But behind all this there first fight between the two sides, Democrats against Republicans in a fight which definitely affects just the veracity of the allegations to the President, and so the possibility of being re-elected or not in the next round at the polls.",,0_0
"The new warm anomaly in the western equatorial Pacific is highlighted in Figure 3. It has strengthened in the past few weeks. If the anomaly works its way eastward with the Equatorial Undercurrent in the Pacific (the Cromwell current), as it should, then the anomaly will increase as it works its way to the east, because the subsurface waters in the east are normally cooler than they are in the west. And if more of the warm water thats off the equator (just south of the equator in the western tropical Pacific as highlighted in Figure 4) is drawn into the equatorial undercurrent, there would be more subsurface warm water to help fuel an El Nio later this year. Yup, lots of ifs and shoulds and woulds in that.",,0_0
"According Jinlun Zhang, University of Washington's possible to explain the mystery by pointing p winds around Antarctica has increased in strength in recent years. Although the oceans vrms up's can form more ice, he says, because the stronger winds tend to push together the ice so that it becomes thicker. And thicker ice verlever better avsmltningen during the southern hemisphere's summer season. He has at least managed to construct a model that gives the result.",,0_0
"U.S. Energy Information Administration, The National Energy Modeling System: An Overview,"" October 2009, http://www.eia.gov/oiaf/aeo/overview/pdf/0581(2009).pdf (accessed April 3, 2013).""",,0_0
"Many have already written the obituaryfor the Kerry-Lieberman bill and other cap-and-trade legislation in the current Congress. In todays Politico , however, columnist Darren Samuelsohn quotes Sen. John Kerrysrejection of that assessment:No, its not dead because were going to have a lame duck session and we have weeks ahead of us.",,0_0
"Moreover, according to these same computer models, global temperatures should now be increasing at a significant rate as much as 0.3 C per decade. But this rate is higher than the recent observed trends measured by satellites, balloons, and surface instruments which suggests that the computer simulations are exaggerating the effect of the increases in CO2.",,5_1
This chart illustrates a data analysis mistake that is absolutely endemic to many of the most famous climate charts. Marc Morano screencapped this from a new EPA web site (update: Actually originally from Pat Michaels at Cato ),,0_0
"The authors grew mint ( Mentha sp . L.) and thyme ( Thymus vulgaris L.) shoots in tissue culture tubes exposed to several atmospheric oxygen concentrations and atmospheric CO 2 concentrations of 350 and 10,000 ppm to determine the influence of these two gasses on the growth of these herbaceous species. What was learned",,0_0
President Barack Obama Already Dealing with Global Warming,,0_0
"In the end expect hundreds of thousands of euros more to be spent on proper ventilation and climate control, and expect much more than the ballyhooed 15 kwh/m/year to be consumed. Or, in the worst case, expect the place to be taken over by the weeds soon.",,0_0
Calls for an independent inquiry into what is being dubbed Climategate are growing as the foundation for man-made global warming implodes following the release of emails which prove researchers colluded to manipulate data in order to hide the decline in global temperatures.,,5_2
"During the Medieval Warm Period extensive fires burned through parts of the Giant Forest at intervals of about 3 to 10 years, he said. Any individual tree was probably in a fire about every 10 to 15 years.",,0_0
"There is something disquieting, however, about a liberal like Gore issuing a public bravo for the Republican front-runner. Could it be that Democrats fear Romney's more ideas-focused rivals for the GOP nod? Do they want Romney to stay strong so a Chris Christie or Rick Perry doesn't enter the race, generating excitement for Reaganite grass-roots voters?",,0_0
"This raises some interesting questions: Why would anyone go to the trouble of creating an artificial persona, only to engage in correspondence under the pretence of being a real person?",,0_0
"Much visited by convention participants were thirteen Conference Exhibitors. All thirteen deserve recognition, but to list all would not be practical in this format. Pajamas Media deserves special recognition because of its on location"" coverage from the Copenhagen Climate Conference. Its online video arm of the new media company, Pajamas Media, has also been in the forefront and broken many key stories on the global warming controversy from both the scientific and business perspectives. Pajamas Media videotaped the entire Heartland Conference. http://www.pajamasmedia.com/""",,0_0
"Read here . The large list of studies that prove Earth's climate is naturally variable and prone to extremes, while confirming that periods prior to modern warming were warmer, just keeps on growing.",,2_1
"on Saturday, July 13th, 2013 at 12:24 am and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"(Note: The article started out by saying record low temperatures. Then it switched to coldest temperatures of the year. I dont know which statement is true. Either way, it certainly doesn??t look like ???global warming.??)",,1_3
"Whether it is the President or the Pope, or the countless politicians and bureaucrats, along with multitudes of environmental"" organizations, as well as self-serving ""scientists"", all aided by the media, a virtual Green Army has been deliberately deceiving and misleading the citizens of planet Earth for four and a half decades. It won't stop any time soon, but it must before the charade of environmentalism leaves us all enslaved by the quest for political control over our lives that hides behind it.""",,5_2
"The bounty hunter provision enables private citizens to sue companies to enforce Proposition 65. Not only do victorious plaintiffs get to recover attorneys' fees and court costs, but they are entitled to 25 percent of any penalty assessed by the court.",,0_0
"Elsewhere they note the Newport, Rhode Island, tide gauge provides a 0.9-mm/y rate as well. The residual sea-level trend shows no apparent agreement with that of atmospheric CO2. When a Guilford marsh reconstruction is detrended and compared to the CO2 record of the same period, there is no indication of an exponential increase in the rate of sea-level rise. They present many other sites that simply do not show the expected accelerated rise in sea level over the past 100 or so years when the greenhouse gas buildup increased.",,1_6
Sea Level Rise Less Than 0.7 mm/Year And Falling,,1_6
"Given that the plaintiffs and the government agree on the ultimate goal while disagreeing only on how to get there, why isn't this an issue properly resolved in the executive and legislative branches of the Dutch government? Because, says the Dutch court, that government's policy choices violate the rights of Dutch citizens.",,0_0
"The punch line here is obvious: Numbers don't lie. And when it comes to discussions about energy and climate change, we need a lot more numbers and a lot less hyperbole and wishful thinking.",,0_0
"Clearly, absorption and re-radiation of the sunshine in the upper atmosphere at this wavelength cools the Earth and is going to cause additional cooling as the concentration of CO2 increases.",,2_3
Film clip #2: The Coral Reefs Off the Coast of Australia Are Being Bleached and Destroyed Due to Global Warming,,0_0
"As he explained in the UN's world Commission on Environment and Development (UNCED) August 28, 1991, report: It is clear that the current lifestyles and consumption patterns of the affluent middle class involving high meat intake, consumption of large amounts of frozen and convenience foods, ownership of motor vehicles, small electric appliances, home and work place conditioning and suburban housing is not sustainable A shift is necessary towards lifestyles less geared to environmentally-damaging consumption patterns.""",,0_0
"As part of the EIS process, members of the public, public agencies, and other interested parties are encouraged to submit comments, questions, and concerns about the project via e-mail to keystonecomments@state.gov, at http://www.keystonepipeline-xl.state.gov/, or by mail to:",,0_0
Trenberth et al. (2014) Earths Energy Imbalance is one of a series of papers that present and discuss the imbalance in Earths energy budget. They begin their introduction with:,,0_0
"Given the Medicaid squeeze on the state budget, Pataki's successor, Eliot Spitzer, tried to turn the tables on 1199 after he took office in 2007. Unlike Pataki, Spitzer rejected the concept of Medicaid as a union jobs program. At a breakfast meeting attended by hospital and labor leaders, Spitzer delivered a hard-hitting presentation that branded 1199 and GNYHA guardians of the status quo."" In response to a proposal by the governor to impose cuts on hospitals and nursing homes, 1199 ran a multimillion-dollar ad campaign that sank Spitzer's approval rating. Union ally Joseph Bruno, in control of the Republican Senate, staked out a position to the left of the governor; in the end, only a quarter of Spitzer's proposed cuts went into effect.""",,0_0
Cuba self-employed to pay taxes up to 50 percent:,,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Merredin-Wheatbelt Mercury,,0_0
"the reputation of the ?scientific standing? of some of the leading exponents of the global warming doctrine has been heavily undermined recently (the most scandalous example being the case of the ?hockey stick?, which constituted the basis of the 2001 Third Assessment Report of the IPCC);",,5_2
"Because the range of leatherbacks is so great, national legislation on long lines will not be sufficient to save the animals.",,0_0
"Russia may be tempted to pursue tactical rapprochement with China. But any meaningful strategic rapprochement with China would move Russia further away from the United States and into a position of dependence on Chinese support. This would run counter to the strategic realities Russia faces on its far-eastern border, given the decline in its population and negative demographic trends. We cannot be fixated by things that are in the power of Russia and China to do. The wise American policy is to establish close relations with both Russia and China. And we should conduct it on the basis that whenever possible there should always be at least equal if not greater incentives or prospect of risks to cooperate with the United States than with each other.18",,0_0
"Hmm. No lepers bell there. But perhaps Tim Flannery , then, is introduced as a paleontologist and mammalogist, not a climatologist who by definition works closely with people who pay him to scare us about global warming:",,5_2
"My administration will not deny facts we will be guided by them, Obama said, in an apparent dig at Bush aides accused of subverting science for ideological reasons.",,0_0
Judith LEAN: Variations in Solar Irradiance and Climate,,0_0
"Increased prosperity in India and China is good, but now we have to follow up with an increase in food production. Molecular plant breeding techniques will create that increase. Europe cannot opt out of the international river of grains to go it alone, it's time to get with the program.",,0_0
"Gasoline prices haven't gotten much attention amid all the other bad economic news for Democrats heading into a final week of campaigning, but the price per gallon has climbed nearly 15 cents since Labor Day - a surprising jump, given that prices usually plummet before an election.",,0_0
"This tactic will allow developed nations to sell binding targets to the public. Nature concludes, Their greatest opportunity is that a growing sense of crisis over global warming will focus minds on the need to rethink our use of energy and other resources, and to accept the pain that this will inevitably require.""",,0_0
"Cellular carriers, having spent years trying to blanket the nation with phone service, are now working on ways to stop people from getting calls and texts when they are behind the wheel.",,0_0
"I had hoped, not very confidently, that the various Climategate inquiries would be severe. This would have been a first step towards restoring confidence in the scientific consensus. But no, the reports make things worse. At best they are mealy-mouthed apologies; at worst they are patently incompetent and even wilfully wrong. The climate-science establishment, of which these inquiries have chosen to make themselves a part, seems entirely incapable of understanding, let alone repairing, the harm it has done to its own cause.",,5_2
"Perception about climate change and weather patterns played a key role in determining whether a household prepares adequately for a harsh weather event. For instance, 57 percent of households believed that storms today are more intense than they were five to 10 years ago, the household is more likely to prepare when weather forecasters predict threatening weather.",,0_0
Following the logic of a carbon tax implies that CO2 emissions should be subsidized when the SCC is negative.,,0_0
"An aerospace company proposed to speed up its manufacturing process for parts and subassemblies by using a new adhesive that would dry or cure faster. The company says the project would have reduced VOC emissions and overall energy consumption. However, by improving efficiency, the project would have increased utilization of other production equipment at the plant, potentially triggering NSR. The company declined to make the change.",,0_0
"What we are seeing in American politics today is a Jacksonian surge. It is not yet a revolution on the scale of Old Hickory's movement that transformed American politics for a generation. Such a revolution may not be possible in today's America, and in any case the current wave of Jacksonian activism and consciousness is still in an early and somewhat incoherent phase. In the past, moderate leaders on the center left and center right alike have found ways to capture Jacksonian energy. FDR was able to steal the demagogic energy of Huey Long; Richard Nixon marginalized George Wallace even as he responded to some of Wallace's concerns about bussing and crime. (He did not, however, give way to Wallace on the core issue of racial equality.)",,0_0
"military compelled Obama to remove McChrystal from his command. (Rolling Stone reporter Michael Hastings's book on the war in Afghanistan, The Operators, is an important and troubling document of the sense of untouchability felt by",,0_0
"Senate Environment and Public Works Chairman Barbara Boxer (D-CA) stated: For nearly eight years, this Administration has tried to duck its obligation to address global warming pollution. A year ago, the Supreme Court ruled that greenhouse gases are covered under the Clean Air Act. Now, instead of action, we get more foot-dragging.""",,0_0
"It also said the panel had purposely emphasised the negative impacts of climate change and made substantive findings"" based on little proof.""",,5_2
"Instead, its focus is on reducing carbon intensity"" the amount of the main greenhouse gas, carbon dioxide (CO2), emitted for each dollar of economic activity. It plans to reduce this by 40-45 percent by 2020 compared to 2005.""",,0_0
"Already, the crops we have now, the herbicide-tolerant and the insect-resistant crops ... getting what amounts to higher yields. You can raise more food on less land, and all of that is good for ecology in general and the climate particularly.",,0_0
BR: Curiously it is indeed despite the rise in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere and also in the seas well talk more about this in more detail later the global temperature has not risen lately. How does one explain this?,,1_4
"Of course, in order for the risk-takers to try a new business enterprise (most of which fail), they have to have some hope they will get rewarded if they succeed. That's why you can't just keep taxing the rich more and more. For every rich person, there were ten or more who failed at meeting the needs of society on a grand scale.",,0_0
"Even the UN and the EU are wising up to the greenhouse gas scam, the biggest environmental scandal in history"", says Christopher Booker.""",,5_2
"There are astonishing differences in the modeled estimates of the past, present and future imbalances and the three components that make up the top of the atmosphere (TOA) energy budget. That is, there is no agreement on the magnitude of TOA Earths energy imbalance in the models, and there are even wider disagreements in the calculated components that make up that energy budget, how they evolved in the past, and how they may evolve in the futureall suggesting, among the models, there is little agreement in the modeled processes and physics that contribute to global warming now, contributed to it in the past and might contribute to it in the future.",,0_0
"Broad population-based epidemiological evidence links"" short term PM2.5 exposures (hours or days) to cardiovascular and respiratory mortality, an EPA report claims. Long-term exposure (years or decades) has been ""linked"" to respiratory disease and cardiovascular and lung cancer mortality.""",,0_0
"A limitation of the instrumental record is that it spans at most a few realizations of decadal variability. Paleoclimate recordsderived from tree rings, corals, lake sediments, or other proxieshave been used to extend this record to hundreds of years or more and are generally believed to be free of anthropogenic influence prior to the industrial age (Brook 2009; Jansen et al. 2007), thus constituting a potential means of model verification.",,0_0
"The revelation, contained in a confidential US embassy cable released by WikiLeaks , is surprising, given that the film attempted to discredit the US healthcare system by highlighting what it claimed was the excellence of the Cuban system.",,0_0
1) admit that mean global temperatures have not risen since 1997 and that the warming trend has stalled,,1_4
"After two studies refuted President Barack Obama's assertions regarding the success of Spain's and Denmark's wind energy programs, a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request reveals the Department of Energy turned to George Soros and to wind industry lobbyists to attack the studies.",,0_0
"The Journal notes another motivation for the change in corporate behavior. Many U.S. multinationals trying to keep pace with Europe's faster approach simply don't want to be on the extreme end of the political spectrum, especially if they want a seat at the table where regulations are being crafted. Some hope to forestall or dilute legislation by reducing emission voluntarily.""",,0_0
"Recently, Sierra Club members were told that they, ?supporters, partners, and allies have worked tirelessly to retire 150 coal-fired power plants since January 2010?a significant number in the campaign to move the country beyond dirty and outdated fossil fuels.?",,0_0
"But Medicaid is one of the primary sources of funding for the hospitals employing workers from 1199SEIU, the powerful hospital and nursing-home employees' union. The union responded to Paterson's proposal with an ad blitz extraordinary in its cost$1 million per week, for a month of television and radio spotsand viciousness. One commercial featured a blind man in a wheelchair saying, Why are you doing this to me?"" Paterson, who is blind, retreated, opting instead for tax increases and deeper cuts to other programs. The episode illustrated how far 1199SEIU will go to protect its interests. The union enjoys a reputation as New York's most formidable organized interest, largely due to its success in thwarting almost every effort to discipline Medicaid's runaway expenditures.""",,0_0
Oil at $30 Is No Problem for Some Bakken Drillers Cutting Costs,,0_0
"Meanwhile, Germany, Italy and Japan plan to phase out nuclear power, thereby increasing their use of natural gas and coal for electricity while China and India build 900 new coal-fired power plants to electrify their growing economies. All will pump tons of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere dwarfing any reductions the USA might achieve by closing more power plants and further shackling our economy.",,4_2
"Such statements are of course why sceptics such as James Delingpole and Lord Monckton have become all the fiercer in their criticism of climate change activists in recent years, seeing in climate change activism a threat not just to prosperity but to liberty.",,0_0
"Another 12 minutes of filler go by images of Gore in his limo, more Earth photos, a Mark Twain quote, and Gore memories until about the 16:30 minute mark, when, according to the judge, Al Gore erroneously links receding glaciers specifically Mt. Kilimanjaro with global warming.",,5_2
"The core from Lake Elgygytgyn shows a regular change between warm and cold periods in the Arctic thanks to changes in the Earths orbit, fluctuating greenhouse gases and changing solar activity. However from the back and forth in temperatures and precipitation, some extreme events stand out: The scientists have compared two normal warm periods the current one, which has been ongoing for the last 12,00 years, and another one 125,000 years ago, and compared them to the so-called super warm periods. These occurred 400,000 and one million years ago.",,2_1
"There is some merit to these comments. Our feckless Congress renewed renewable energy tax credits that subsidize implementation of EPA's so-called Clean Power"" Plan, which is the largest single component of Obama's emission-reduction pledge to the UN. It is also the case that what EPA has adopted via notice-and-comment rulemakings cannot be undone by the stroke of a presidential pen.""",,0_0
"SUV critics argue, to use Consumer Reports' words, that most people who buy an SUV don't need one."" But what one person doesn't need is largely a matter of another person's opinion. In the early 1800s the Duke of Wellington complained that the new railroads would ""only encourage the common people to move about needlessly."" Today the elitist view is that the masses still move about needlessly, only now they're doing it with four-wheel drive.""",,0_0
"Cavuto asked why, instead of getting oil from Libyas Moammar Gadhafi and other Middle East countries, America doesnt drill for more oil domestically. Morano replied, The Congressional Research Service just did a study of natural gas, coal, and oil. We have more than the entire world, we have more than China, Canada, and Saudi Arabia combined, but 83 percentof our lands are inaccessible for oil drilling. And we have the Interior Department held in contempt of court for not allowing more permitting out in the Gulf Coast.",,4_5
"First is that people who drive small cars in order to save the climate are seriously putting themselves at risk, or even dying if involved in aserious accident. Thats the result of newly conducted crash tests reported here at Spiegel . Citing crash test results fromthe US Insurance Institute for Highway Safety (IIHS) and the EuroNCAP Test 2014,Spiegel tells us that the Mazda 5 fared the worst.",,4_1
"Dr. Nigel Smith, a professor of geography at the University of Florida is a leading expert on the issue of the Brazilian rainforest and in his landmark paper, Human-Induced Landscape Changes in Amazonia and Implications for Development,"" he begins by saying ""One of the most persistent myths about Amazonia is that it has long been a wilderness, virtually untouched by humans until relatively recently. Amazonian forests are often portrayed as sparsely settled or essentially empty until modern times."" As a result, he claims ""The perception of Amazonia as raw, untamed nature awaiting modern development with few precedents has led to some inappropriate policy decisions.""",,0_0
"Without embarrassment, Vice President Al Gore went to the climate change meeting in Kyoto, Japan, last winter and said that we have reached a fundamentally new stage in the development of human civilization."" This new stage is a crisis stage, and its ""spiritual roots"" are ""pridefulness and a failure to understand and respect our connections to God's earth and to each other."" Gore was talking about the emission of greenhouse gas. Worrying about it is the latest religion. But as Paul Gigot of the Wall Street Journal said, the scary part is that Gore really believes this stuff. This is a religion most decidedly not separated from the state, and therein lies both the danger and the opportunity. Fanatics are dangerous because nothing deters them. At the same time, Gore is so much the true believer that his fanaticism could put his political future at risk.""",,5_2
"Whatever the weather is, they will rationalize it as being caused by global warming. The incredibly low (non-existent) standards of climate science make this possible.",,5_1
The actual data indicate that the B2-type scenario is the worst case possibility if we keep business as usual.,,0_0
"Leading climate scientist: democratic process isn't working'""",,0_0
"The Indian Ocean Sea Level data is shown in Figure 3. Based on the smoothed data, the Indian Ocean Sea Level remained flat from early 2007 to early 2008, then rose again since then. Also note the multiple swings in sea level during 1996 and 1997, leading up to the El Nino of 1997/98.",,1_6
Gov will spend 400k pounds to destroy ID card data:,,0_0
"If the models accurately represented the atmosphere??s heat content, Christy told me by email, the warming rate of the tropical mid-troposphere (TMT)would be1.4 times that of the surface.In reality,the TMT warming rate is only 0.6 times that of the surface. The models simply project too much warming in the bulk atmosphere.",,5_1
"The effects on the Sun and on the Earth??s climate were not due to the Galactic cosmic rays themselves, but to the cosmic dust that these cosmic rays transported into the Solar System. Observations have shown that the Solar System is presently immersed in a dense cloud of cosmic dust, material that is normally kept at bay by the outward pressure of the solar wind. But, with the arrival of this Galactic cosmic ray volley, the solar wind was overpowered and large quantities of this material were pushed inward. The Sun was enveloped in a cocoon of dust that caused its spectrum to shift toward the infrared. In addition, the dust grains filling the Solar System scattered radiation back to the Earth, producing an ???interplanetary hothouse effect?? that substantially increased the influx of solar radiation to the Earth.??",,2_1
"Most people would invariably say yes if you ask whether they want a more prosperous life for themselves and their families. But ask them about the consequences of rising prosperity for society as a whole, and doubts will quickly start to creep in.",,0_0
"The European Commission has abandoned consideration of Science 2.0, finding it too ambitious. That was the wrong call, says Colin Macilwain.",,0_0
"Q. And in your experience, as a statisticalmatter, is it a sound practice to draw conclusionsfrom an analysis which doesnt reach statisticalsignificance?",,0_0
"Actually, GISS shows little or no winter warming over the past sixty years. Certainly nothing close to 11F.",,1_4
"The global energy story of today is coal, which dwarfs the output of solar and wind.",,4_4
"The last thing that I should be doing is working on new proxies without finishing off work in hand, but this new data is interesting and, with it in hand, Thompson et al is even more frustrating. There are some weird splices that you don??t notice at a first read, but start to stick out when you have some data to compare it to. Here??s some more curiosities. See also a previous post here.",,5_1
"There is significant uncertainty, not only in solar reconstructions, but in the interpretation of satellite measurements since 1980. There is a 6 W m-2 discrepancy in the baseline measurements across different satellite systems, plus significant differences in trends since 1980. There is 5 W m-2 discrepancy in the reconstructions in the first few decades of the 20th century. For reference, the 20th century CO2 forcing is 1.7 W m-2.",,0_0
"The ideology driving the sceptics is most obvious in the exchanges over the impact on future generations. US Tea Party activists and their bombastic British representative, Niall Ferguson now delivering the Reith lectures like to terrify their audiences with how much public debt today's generation is leaving its children. Yet the same argument is not applied to the planet. At the end of his first lecture Professor Ferguson was asked if he applied the same logic on future generations to climate change: he was flummoxed, and dodged the question.",,0_0
"early statements because I expressed my opinion in several talks, mainly in",,0_0
"This tallies with what Richard Betts has said in the past, namely that modellers are using the known unknowns"" to get the model into the right climatic ballpark, but not to wiggle-match. However, I'm not sure that users of climate models can place much reliance on them when there is this clear admission that the models are nudged or fudged so that they look ""reasonable"".""",,5_1
"There is not the slightest indication that Arctic sea ice is disappearing. Arctic sea is two meters thick, the thickest it has been since 2006 and about the same thickness it was 75 years ago.",,1_1
There is medium evidence and high agreement that long-term trends in normalized losses have not been attributed to natural or anthropogenic climate change,,0_0
"PSTheorists say that its not enough that development be sustainable in terms of the environment. They also demand sustainability in three other arenas: social, economic, and cultural sustainability.",,0_0
"Tuesday, November 23, 2010 at 07:01:06 PM at epicenter",,0_0
Increase of Carbon Dioxide is thus wholly beneficial to the environment There is no evidence that it causes harm.,,3_3
A paper published today in Geophysical Research Letters finds another non-hockey-stick from reconstructed sea surface temperatures in the tropical Pacific over the past 850 years. The data shows temperatures were as warm duringportionsof the Little Ice Age in the 1200's - 1400's as at the end of the record.,,2_1
"French oil workers on Monday defied the government's demand to get back to work and end scattered fuel shortages, stepping up their fight against President Nicolas Sarkozy's plan to raise the retirement age to 62.",,0_0
"A sobering aspect of the state AGs' crusade is what is taking place outside of courtrooms: they are pressuring companies to cut off donations to nonprofit groups that employ climate-change deniers."" Being one of those includes telling politically inconvenient truths about the costs of proposed climate-change legislation. It also includes projecting, as several mainstream climatologists have done, lower global temperature increases than liberal state attorneys general find politically convenient.""",,0_0
"Human Achievement Hour is an annual event that recognizes and celebrates the fact that this is the greatest time to be alive yet, and that the reason we have come this far is that people have been free to use their minds and the resources in their environment to experiment, create, and innovate.",,0_0
"May Obama also prod the SEC to stop delaying provisions of that bill that would lift barriers to crowdfunding, allowing sites like Kickstarter to allow equity shares in projects as well as trinkets.",,0_0
L1753 0.9 H1220 5.8 H1258 5.9 H1335 6.0 H1413 6.1 H1453 6.2 H1533 6.2,,0_0
"S. Fred Singer, former director of the U.S. Weather Satellite Service and University of Virginia professor emeritus commented about these sorry circumstances in the foreword of my book, stating in part:",,0_0
"Many people have urged me to sue Mann; I can?t be bothered and I don?t have money to throw away on such stuff?. Further, I would like to stand up for Michael Mann?s right to make insulting and defamatory tweets, statements in op-eds, etc. As an American, I am pretty attached to the right to free speech.",,0_0
"The actual sakfrgan frblir same refreshi took on how fast exchange reaction between television ltsastillstnd (carbon dioxide in atmosphere, and surface layer), coupled to a third ltsastillstnd (deep sea) with vsentligen mycketlngre jmviktsinstllning (between the surface layers and deep sea) and larger volume?",,0_0
Recent events suggest that we should listen more attentively to the Europeans.,,0_0
"My most immediate concern is to whether to leave this statement [probably the""",,0_0
"Figure 2 presents the model-data comparison for global satellite-era sea surface temperature anomalies. The data show the oceans warmed at a rate of 0.08 deg C/decade for the last 32+ years, but the models indicate they should have warmed at twice that rate if they were warmed by manmade greenhouse gases.",,0_0
"Today's Rimland is a 400-mile wide amphibious area. In contrast to 1904, the Heartland today is an empty shell, and not just because of Russia's demographic decline. In China, the population is deserting the Heartland and moving to the coast. Worldwide, today's Rimland is both leaner and meaner than a century ago; no longer the buffer zone of conflict"" described by Mackinder or Spykman, this overpopulated Rimland, with 4 billion people living within 200-mile wide coastlands, is the ""epicenter of all conflicts.""",,0_0
"Symmetry Magazine , Universe Today , TAMU (stories added later)",,0_0
New research indicates that global oil production is not likely to peak anytime soon.,,0_0
"Sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions are down roughly 37 percent from 1970 levels, and are lower today than at any time since the Great Depression.",,0_0
"I am committed to furthering technological research to find other ways, other sources for ethanol. We're working on researchstrong research to figure out cellulosic ethanol that can be made from wood chips or stalks or switch grass. These materials are sometimes waste products that are just simply thrown away.",,0_0
"All told, from the start of the winter season to the very end, Boston received a record 110.6 inches of snow (which even the global warming experts have said is NOT supposed to happen, until it does). Much of it was due to a continuous stream of frigid air channeling down from the Arctic and colliding with the warmer air of the lower 48 states.",,0_0
The other paper by MM is just garbage ??? as you knew. De Freitas again. Pielke is also losing all credibility as well by replying to the mad Finn as well ??? frequently as I see it. I can??t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report. Kevin and I will keep them out somehow ??? even if we have to redefine what the peer-review literature is !,,5_2
The number of stations gives a clue in Chart 2 .,,0_0
"slightest, just the monotonous obsession with it. Would Holman care to",,0_0
"The new energy bill, signed by President Bush this past Wednesday, is noted for its huge hike in auto fuel economy standards and in ethanol mandates and subsidies. The former will kill people, by causing cars to be downsized and less crashworthy; the latter will waste huge sums of money.",,0_0
FCCC Tel.: (49-228) 815-1000,,0_0
"The Latin zone has a bit of warming with the move from the rural mountain stations to urban airports, but not much. Half to 3/4 C over 130 years. About what one would expect from UHI and airports. Though 2007 is only 0.36 C and 2000 is 0.29 C so there is room for variation. Im seeing no reason to panic over 1/2 C of whats most likely instrument error and UHI issues.",,5_1
"A decline in diurnal temperature range results in reduced human mortality in Guangzhou, China Read More",,0_0
Good heavens! Since 1997 the planet (or at least the U.S. portion of it) has been cooling! Just like Murphy said in his column. And this cooling is not just a 2009 phenomenon.,,1_4
"Twenty years ago this week, Bill Clinton put us on the path which kept temperatures below Scenario C.",,0_0
"It's a well-kept secret, but 95 percent of the climate models we are told prove the link between human CO2 emissions and catastrophic global warming have been found, after nearly two decades of temperature stasis, to be in error, he said, without providing evidence.""",,5_1
"Notice the spike in the '07 El Nino, then the fall after; the spike in the '09-'10 El Nino, the fall after. The overall trend though is unmistakably down. But another round of heat hysteria is certainly on the way. Problem is, as I said, it will mean a cold winter for the US for one, and a bigger drop after. But how much you want to bet the cold winter next year will be twisted into something it's not (caused by CO2)? Do you think any of them will possibly acknowledge what global temperatures will do after the spike? They don't even want anyone to look at this now.",,1_2
ONCE upon a time there was a turkey that lived in a pen. Every morning a farmer brought food and water and talked to the turkey with soothing words.,,0_0
"Now, according to GISS the homogeneity adjustments are designed to adjust the urban stations like Anchorage so that they more closely match the rural stations like Matanuska. Imagine my surprise when I calculated the homogeneity adjustment to Matanuska, shown in Figure 3.",,0_0
"But of course who can reasonably claim that the American economy or public health is better off since the Obama regulatory machine gun started firing? Moreover, we have far more than enough regulation to ensure the safety of the public health and our economy needs far less regulation in order to return to growth.",,4_1
"What is astonishing is climate scientists' obliviousness that the exact same concerns apply to policies to ration, tax or otherwise restrict access to fossil-fuel energy.",,0_0
"We have a program in this country of federal fuel economy standards for new cars. It's nickname is CAFE, and one consequence of CAFE has been to downsize the fleet of passenger cars, because one of the easiest ways to make a vehicle more fuel-efficient is to make it smaller and lighter, which gives you perhaps better miles per gallon, but also means you have a smaller, less crash-worthy vehicle.",,0_0
"The attachment was a polite rejection of our paper. Included were the complete reviews. Although some of the points in the reviews were, in fact, addressed in our paper, we thought it advisable to respond to the reviews in detail, and to revise our paper in order to clarify matters. It was, however, clear, that the revised paper would no longer satisfy the space constraints of PNAS ? especially since the reviewers made clear that important material should not be relegated to ?supplementary material?.",,0_0
"The original standards forced students to only consider rises"" in temperature. The amended standards substitute ""changes"" and permits students to consider ""natural forces"" as well as human activity when they study the climate.""",,0_0
"on Friday, January 8th, 2010 at 11:12 am and is filed under News.",,0_0
"You may have seen stories about 2010 being the warmest year ever. And by ever the warmists dont mean the history of the world , they mean about the last 180 years. The truth is too inconvenient :",,0_0
"Pachauri's position is also becoming increasingly untenable with demands for his resignation becoming louder by the day. In an interview to Open, Pat Michaels of the Cato Institute, a noted US think-tank, who has followed the debate for years, says, Dr Pachauri should resign because he has a consistent record of mixing his political views with climate science, because of his intolerance of legitimate scientific views that he does not agree with, because of his disparagement of India's glacier scientists as practising ""voodoo science', and because of his incomprehension of the serious nature of what was in the East Anglia emails.""",,5_2
past changes provides the context for our scenarios of future greenhouse gas,,0_0
increased government funding of energy-related technology research and development,,0_0
"Our government is planning to construct a pipeline from western Uganda to Tanzania. The project could employ over 15,000 people. Along with other oil operations, it will boost our economy and give us more critically needed energy. But some agencies and organizations oppose it because it would contribute to global warming,"" and they would rather see us remain poor beggars to the West.""",,0_0
"The boss of koda Mr Vahland has confirmed that there still exist no plans to sell kodas in North America. I am not sure whether it's a wise decision and whether it's his decision or someone else. It looks ironic because kodas are planned to be sold to the Iranians. But what I find important for Vahland et al. is that they should enjoy their success, take a big part of the credit for that, and make sure that this should increase their influence within the VW Group and not to reduce it. The future fate of the VW Group as a whole surely depends on their ability to get all these signs correctly. If sore losers get an upper hand in a group, the group is doomed.",,0_0
"With figures of $2,000,000,000,000 being banded about as the cost, Ive got to wonder where Clinton and Obama might not understand the different between a billion ($1,000,000,000) and a trillion ($1,000,000,000,000) after all it is very easy to mistake one for the other! The difference is that rather than a few dollars for each American, the cost is a few 10s of thousands per household.",,0_0
Flashback: 1974 Tornado Outbreaks Blamed On Global Cooling,,0_0
Our fight is your fight! It's a battle to uphold our Constitutional freedom to debate and exchange ideas without fear of repercussion from government officials. We cannot allow the government to single out and intimidate people simply because they hold views contrary to some government official's policy agenda.,,0_0
"By the way, string theorist Leonhard Euler would celebrate the 306th birthday today.",,0_0
"Warmist Brad Johnson tries to make the pending East Coast blizzard about the ocean warming Fails""",,0_0
More evidence of huge explosions triggered by a magnetic reversal,,0_0
"JC comment: Yes, the science is far from settled. We cannot close the Earths energy budget, and our models dont adequately simulate multidecadal ocean variability.",,5_1
"It should be clear to everyone from the results obtained by Allan et al . that the number of extreme storms impacting the British Isles over the last eight decades of the 20th century were not in any way related to the global warming of that period, which climate alarmists claim was unprecedented over the prior millennium or more. Reference",,1_7
"Carolus Linnaeus? classification system that named, ranked and classified organisms was a major advance in biology. Vladimir Koppen produced a climate classification system in 1884 that named ranked and classified climates based on the distribution of plants.",,0_0
"The key constitutional point, though, is this: We could end up with a regulatory regime more onerous and intrusive than any climatebill Congress has rejected or declined to adopt, yet without the peoples elected representatives ever casting a vote.",,0_0
"Obama's Words on Carbon Dioxide, Drilling Contradict His Actions",,0_0
"Whats so good about it? Well, for once everybody should join in the celebration of a climate model that is presented for what it is (a policymaking tool for negotiators to assess their national greenhouse-gas commitments ahead of Decembers climate summit in Copenhagen ) rather than for what it is not (a scientific tool used for a variety of purposes from study of the dynamics of the climate system to projections of future climate , as rather naively claimed on Wikipedia).",,5_1
"So, we can conclude as a matter of simple maths, that a climate that is stable has feedbacks which are either negative, or if they are positive, the feedback must be smaller than the original change.",,3_1
"So, based on this, I do anticipate whatever we are examining has been increasing over time. Though I cant be sure about the future, my naive forcast is this will persist into the future. I made my best estimate of the next 12 years of data based on the linear fit with no auto-correlation in residuals: These predictions are shown in brown.",,0_0
"Either way, its plain to see that a savings of 27 parts per million over 87 years is trivial, particularly in comparison to its cost (shutting down the entire economy) and would make no meaningful climatic difference even if atmospheric carbon dioxide was the driver of global climate that the alarmists claim it is.",,4_2
"Glaciers are retreating on the Antarctic peninsula, as well as in Patagonia, and on the sub- Antarctic islands, and in West Antarctica adjacent to the peninsula.",,0_0
"Finally, the union could find itself weakened by internal factionalism. Thus far, 1199 has been able to rely on the loyalty of its members, but the history of organized labor suggests that rapid growth and ideological mission creep will eventually create challenges to current union leadership. Traces of factionalism may be seen both in 1199's past history and, more recently, in the Working Families Party's decision to endorse Governor Cuomo in 2014, which met with intense opposition from many of its members.",,0_0
Building a Better Canada U.S. Energy Dialogue with Natural Gas,,0_0
Dark Matter Search Results Using the Silicon Detectors of CDMS II (arXiv),,0_0
Maybe the New York Times can dig up Walter Duranty to report about this 5-year plan.,,0_0
"A commentary that accompanies the study notes that, The warming of the 20th century is seen more clearly as a continuation of a trend that began at the start of the 19th century, not the early 20th."" It also notes that, ""the curve of Esper et al. provides evidence for greater climate variability in the last 1000 years than has yet been generally accepted.""",,0_0
"A growing body of scientists have joined Gerlich and Tscheuschner in exposing the accepted science"" underlying the greenhouse effect. Here are a few of their more damning statements:""",,0_0
"Dunn details his personal crusade to expose EPAs bad science and policy making, which began in the early 1990s.",,0_0
Focussing our scientific and policy efforts onclimate model simulations that are able only to predict (at best) the response to increasing greenhouse gases and carbon mitigation policies are strategies with diminishing returns and likelihoods.,,0_0
"A thoughtful, quietly-spoken German was almost in tears.",,0_0
"Excess GHG emissions are an example of a fairly common kind of market failure, a failure often called the tragedy of the commons"". It can arise when property rights allow open access to a valuable resource. Instances include open access to grazing land or fishing grounds or to oil and gas reservoirs. Open access can cause under-investment in the resource and too much consumption of it.""",,0_0
"An apples to apples comparison, shows that the summer of 1936 had five times as many record maximums as the summer of 2012.",,1_7
"This is a good question. It is a still incompletely understood mix of a variety of human caused radiative forcings (e.g. CO2, methane and several other greenhouse gases, land use/land cover change,black carbon (soot), sulphates, and other aerosols) and natual climate variations.",,5_1
"Yet, we have ample evidence of negative thermometers (actual surface stations measuring air temperature where the resultant data is inverted after processing) in the Steig et al Antarctica is Warming paper, ( Nature, Jan 22, 2009 )thanks to the careful analysis of Jeff Id and RyanO",,0_0
Record snow in Victorian Alps ACT Govt brings in 40% emissions target,,0_0
"This is a disaster, said Mark Miller, the Wisconsin Senate Democratic leader, in February after Republican Gov. Scott Walker proposed a budget bill that would curtail the collective bargaining powers of some public employees. Miller predicted catastrophe if the bill were to become law -- a charge repeated thousands of times by his fellow Democrats, union officials, and protesters in the streets.""",,0_0
"In chemical jmviktr reaction rates ibda directions equal, and we have the simple relationship:",,0_0
"To meet its Kyoto targets, Canada would have to reduce its energy emissions by 28 percent below the levels that would otherwise be reached in 2010. This would mean raising gasoline prices by 24 cents a liter and doubling natural gas prices. This could also hurt Canadian industry's ability to compete in international markets, since they are already a comparatively high-cost producer (Financial Times, October 26, 1999).",,0_0
"67. It is a myth that global temperatures are rising at an unprecedented rate because accurate satellite, balloon and mountain top observations made over the last three decades have not shown any significant change in the long term rate of increase in global temperatures.",,1_4
Environmentalism is based on lies and the lies reflect an agenda that regards humanity as the enemy of the Earth.,,0_0
Obama Announces New Fuel Mileage Restrictions,,0_0
In my view this comment exemplifies a problematic attitude not only in climate science but in the social sciences as well. The good cause which allegedly motivates much of the research puts the researcher in a special position. It allows them to dispense with essential standards of professional conduct. It is perhaps not remarkable that we see a leading figure in the philosophy of science defend questionable practices which have been modelled (not by accident I suppose) after the famous climategate affair.,,5_2
"But if you subtract all the special characteristics"" of Sandy that are related to its random path, there is almost nothing left. In fact, by the Accumulated Cyclone Energy (ACE), Sandy isn't even the largest storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season . It's not even the second one. It's not even the third one: Sandy is just the fourth largest Atlantic tropical storm of 2012. That shouldn't be shocking because it has made it to the Category 2 and only marginally and for a short time.""",,1_7
When the earth??s observations falls outside and below the ???weather?? spread but inside the ???all weather in all models?? spread that suggests the ensembles is biased high but the deterministic component of the earth??s trend might match one of the models whose deterministic warming falls in the lower range of the ensemble.,,5_1
"* The primary temperature records relied on by the IPCC and the EPA cover far too short a time to be a useful tool for policy making and are inadequately corrected for the urban heat island effect and other errors. One analysis of these records found errors of 1 -5 C (1.8 -9.0 F) for 1969 data in certain regions, when the claimed warming for the entire twentieth century was only 0.7 C (1.3 F); errors for records in the early century are likely even greater. Reliance on these records is thus misplaced.",,5_1
"Dr. Richard Lindzen writes to me with news of this significant new paper saying It has taken almost 2 years to get this out. . Part of that problem appears to be hostile reviewers in earlier submissions to JGR, something weve seen recently with other skeptical papers, such as ODonnells rebuttal to Steig et al (Antarctica is warming) where Steig himself inappropriately served as a reviewer, and a hostile one at that. Hostile reviewers aside, the paper will now be published in an upcoming issue of the Asia-Pacific Journal of Atmospheric Sciences and I am honored to be able to be able to present it",,5_2
"Skeptics are not the team which has a UN coordinating panel, government funded institutions, or associations, committees, and NGOs worth hundreds of millions that are devoted to propagating their words. Nor do skeptics have a sympathetic media, or multimillion dollar ad campaigns funded by taxpayers.",,0_0
"Uchiyamada was merely rephrasing the same suite of problems that have plagued the promoters of all-electric cars for more than a century: the vehicles don't have enough range, take too long to refuel, and cost way too much. That point was reinforced last year in a report issued by Deloitte Consulting (PDF) that found the most likely buyers of electric cars are people with household incomes in excess of $200,000.""",,4_4
"The author concludes that the results of his simulation suggest much of the observed climatic variability over the past millennium may just be a reflection of natural climatic variability within the actual climate system, with occasional anomalies associated, for example, with volcanic eruptions, being superimposed on this background of natural variability.""",,2_1
"Its a good question, and it arises out of an article posted on Business Green (an on-line news and campaigning site for green capitalists) by its editor, James Murray. More about that in a moment. First, the background.",,0_0
You can explore the BoM data for NSW etc and that huge increase in rain about 1950 often stands out. But it is a feature that nobody wants to explain.,,0_0
It was no accident that Rhoades was the lead author. Adjusting historical records is essentially a data manipulation exercise peppered with statistical pitfalls and there is persistent worldwide criticism that climate scientists have very limited statistical skills.,,5_1
"This would be laughable if it weren't so risible. The Environmental Defense Fund spent somewhere in the neighborhood of $300 million on a climate change ad campaign with the Ad Council. Do they think they'll do better if they double down and spend $600 million on ads reaching the public? The climate campaign has spent probably well north of a billion dollars in total on behalf of this issue, yet Bill McKibben of 350.org moans that since we're never going to compete with Exxon in money, we better find another currency, and to me bodies, spirit, creativity are probably our best bet.""",,0_0
"PSI have also shown that despite their huge complexity, the global temperature output of the models can be emulated to a 98% accuracy by a simple one-line equation. This means that their estimate of the ???climate sensitivity?? is entirely a function of their choice of forcings meaning, of course, that even on a good day with a following wind they can tell us nothing about the climate sensitivity.",,5_1
"As readers here know, the claims of statistical significance in the global temperature records are based on an assumption that the Earth's temperature can be approximated by the AR1 statistical model, an assumption that can apparently be readily shown to be incorrect. As Doug Keenan points out in an email, Slingo's final claim - that the overwhelming majority of leading climate scientists agree that the Earth is definitely warming - is 'technically true, but irrelevant if none of those scientists knows how to determine whether such warming is significant'.",,5_1
"In Africa, drought continues for the sixth consecutive year, adding terribly to the toll of famine victims. During 1972 record rains in parts of the U.S., Pakistan and Japan caused some of the worst flooding in centuries",,0_0
"Dear Clayco sorry to contradict you, but from the information that I have things exactly allopposto.",,0_0
"I grew up in a place where being stupid was your right, but only you would be responsible for it or pay for it. We had stupid, but it was contained in small patches. Now we have shared stupid and organizational stupid and even systemic governmental stupid. The ability of Stupid to cause general havoc has never been stronger. And the result shows.",,0_0
"As a former research chemist now teaching middle-school science, I am concerned about the scientific ignorance underlying much of what now passes for environmental education. That is the reason I am pleased to recommend Facts, Not Fear, a concise and easy-to-use alternative resource.",,0_0
"But already at those places, and especially in Kosovo, I was growing suspicious that our path (actions in units of troops organized by NATO) isn't right...",,0_0
"WARNING #1: Do NOT watch this video if you wish to avoid portrayals of extreme violence, genocide, child murders, demonic practice and terrorism all in the name of environmentalism.",,0_0
"The shower of particles produced when Earth's atmosphere is struck by ultra-high-energy cosmic rays (the most energetic particles known in the universe). Source: Simon Swordy/University of Chicago, NASA",,0_0
"Mr Cameron is hardly the only prominent celebrity to oppose the ballot measure. Other high-profile individuals campaigning against it include David Arquette, Benjamin Bratt, and California's Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger ? a prime candidate for a similar attack advert, since he drives an SUV and commutes to Sacramento from his home in Los Angeles by private jet.",,0_0
"These are not choices by officials actually elected by real people, the only legitimate basis for the state's monopoly of coercive power. We are not considering here authoritarian or less-developed countries where free expression and representative government are absent or inadequate. One could argue in such cases that international norm setting might provide standards or models from which emerging free governments could pick and choose. (Of course, one could also argue that the United States provides a perfectly acceptable model all on its own, which emerging democracies can emulate or not, without any need for America to multilateralize"" its uniqueness.)""",,0_0
"Sometime in 1939-1940, Franklin Roosevelt made up his mind that he would break the ancient American taboo and seek a third term as president. But he faced a serious problem: Many voters had wearied of the liberal domestic policies of the Roosevelt administration. In the congressional elections of 1938, liberal Democrats had lost power to an informal coalition of Republicans and conservative southern Democrats. A third presidential bid by Roosevelt seemed doomed to end in disaster.",,0_0
"As for thawing permafrost, Alaskan villages have been sinking into permafrost for 70 years, and the United States army has been struggling to keep the frozen north frozen"" as seen in this news item from 1946. And in 1927, an Arctic trip was ruined by ""extreme heat, fires, and melting permafrost"" according to The Examiner newspaper . For more newspaper clippings showing that melting permafrost has been worrisome as far back as 1880, check out this resources page maintained by Steven Goddard.""",,2_1
The last sentence is one of the best quotes Ive found on global warming from a serious site. Why? you ask. Because the entire melting of the last 3 decades indicates the total global sea ice loss is only .. 4%.,,1_1
"if CO2 plays this role it is surprising that climatic proxies indicate that Antarctica seems to have warmed prior to the Northern Hemisphere, yet glacial cycles follow in phase with Northern insolation",,2_3
anyway which I copied onto private storage after the completion of the IPCC,,0_0
Wildfire spreads across 280 square miles of Montana.,,0_0
"The sun is almost completely blank. The main driver of all weather and climate, the entity which occupies 99.86% of all of the mass in our solar system, the great ball of fire in the sky has gone quiet again during what is likely to be the weakest sunspot cycle in more than a century. The sun??s X-ray output has flatlined in recent days and NOAA forecasters estimate a scant 1% chance of strong flares in the next 24 hours. Not since cycle 14 peaked in February 1906 has there been a solar cycle with fewer sunspots. We are currently more than six years into Solar Cycle 24 and the current nearly blank sun may signal the end of the solar maximum phase. Solar cycle 24 began after an unusually deep solar minimum that lasted from 2007 to 2009 which included more spotless days on the sun compared to any minimum in almost a century.",,2_1
"Verification of the forced component of twentieth- century climate trends simulated in model experiments depends on the existence of accurate estimates of these trends in observations. Given the limited sampling in both space and time of the observations and proxy records, these verifications must be handled carefully. In particular, knowledge of the spatial patterns and magnitudes of climate trends over the oceans is hampered by the uneven and changing distribution of commercial shipping routes and other observational inputs as well as different approaches to merging analyses of the observations (Rayner et al. 2011).",,5_1
"Curtis Brainard of the Columbia Journalism Review observed: I?d say that most journalists didn?t learn anything from the ?ClimateGate? and IPCC-errors ?pseudo scandals??those events only served to confuse editors and reporters.? He was less confused about motives behind the reporting of those events, stating, ?The New York Times had a great front-page story about climate denial being an ?article of faith? for the Tea Party, which made it clear that the group?s climate politics are not synchronous with climate science.?",,0_0
"Your host Richard Morrison sits down this week with special guest co-hosts Michelle Minton and William Yeatman for LibertyWeek 37 (regular co-host Cord Blomquist is on the road). We start off with a profile of visionary physicist and global warming skeptic Freeman Dyson, then spend some time WILBing around to improve our productivity at the office, and move on to sixteen full ounces of barkeeper honesty. Finally we take a look at the Chicago factor in Olympic News.",,0_0
"For this to come true, multiple problems have to be solved before taxpayers run out of money or patience. Along the way, the alternative energy industry has to avoid getting sidetracked into the wrong technologies, as this will delay the eagerly awaited carbon-free future. (Forbes)",,0_0
"Also on the NOAA website is a handy gadget that lets users calculate for themselves temperatures and trends over the past 115 years in the continental United States (my thanks to C3 Headlines for bringing this website to my attention). You just put in the date you want to begin, any time from 1895 on, the date you want to end, and a month or the annual average. The U.S. has the world's best climate records, so the temperatures in the U.S. will mirror, reasonably well, temperatures in the Northern Hemisphere and almost certainly the planet as well.",,0_0
"CFACT Executive Director, Craig Rucker responded to her question.",,0_0
"From the Federal Food Insurance program that now socializes the cost of flood stupid to everyone (and is painfully in deficit) encouraging massive building in flood plains (guess whey the are called that?) and on mobile sand bars (as they all are), to the over regulation of commerce that breaks flexible and innovative response, to the selling of privilege for political favor; we have a new Power Of Stupid at work.",,0_0
Washington sea level data. Click image to start animation in a new window.,,0_0
"Bishop Hill asks , Does the committee really think its fine to hide important information from policymakers so long as you report it in the literature?",,0_0
"There is a very important paper, published in 2005,that demonstrates the important role of heterogeneous climate forcings on weather thousands of kilometers removed from the forcing. This paper concerns SST anomalies but the same spatial forcing due to aerosolsand land-use change would apply.",,0_0
"Another trick question by activists trying to sell a consensus: If you are seriously ill and 99 doctors recommend a certain treatment, would you go with the one doctor who disagrees?",,0_0
"As Property Rights Australia says, STAND YOUR GROUND.",,0_0
"The authors also refer to sodium data from Siple Dome ice cores that have been reported by Karl Kreutz, director of UMaines stable isotope laboratory. Changes in sodium appear to be associated with air pressure changes over the South Pacific.",,0_0
">I regularly mention in ENSO posts that there was little SST sampling in the eastern equatorial Pacific prior to the opening of the Panama Canal in 1914, that the reader needs to keep that in mind when viewing early NINO3.4 data.",,5_1
"Queen's University Belfast has data on tree rings that goes back millennia, in particular, to the Medieval Warm Period. QUB researchers have not analyzed the data (because they lack the expertise to do so). They also refuse to release the data. I have been trying to obtain the data, via the UK Freedom of Information Act, since April 2007. The story is scandalous. In light of all the slander going around, maybe I should add this: I used to do mathematical research and financial trading on Wall Street and in the City of London; since 1995, I have been studying independently (for more details, please see my web site); I have received no payment of any kind from any entity for any work that I have done since 1995. Douglas J. Keenan",,5_2
"Where he's wrong is that we can never give up the fight, the intellectual and moral case against big government, partly because if groups like CEI and Cato and the Club for Growth weren't making the case for smaller government, it would be even bigger than it is. It would grow even faster. If we were to walk away from that fight, we'd see, not six or seven percent growth in spending, but nine or ten percent growth in spending. But I agree, it's discouraging to see what's happening. I mean, we've had a Republican President and practically an entire Republican Congress for the first time in a long time, and the government is going to grow by 7 or 8 percent this year. This is awful, it's a bigger growth in spending than when the Democrats controlled things.",,0_0
" Current scientific understanding provides limited guidance on the likelihood, magnitude, and timeframe of physical risks such as sea level rise, extreme weather events, temperature extremes, and precipitation.""",,0_0
"The two researchers report that the various correlations they observed over the course of the Holocene suggest that the Holocene low-latitude precipitation variability to some degree was influenced by changes in the geomagnetic dipole moment."" In particular, they say that the general increase in precipitation observed over the past 1500 years in both speleothem records ""cannot be readily explained by changes in summer insolation or solar activity,"" but that it ""correlates very well with the rapid decrease in dipole moment observed during this period,"" which relationship is explained by the fact that ""a higher dipole moment leads to a lower cosmic ray flux, resulting in reduced cloud coverage and, ultimately, lower precipitation."" What it means""",,2_1
"Question 4 (for Pederson): You appear to be certain"" that the anthropogenic hypothesis has complete empirical support; for you the science is ""settled"" and beyond dispute, and there is no need to keep an open mind on the issue (I was present at your 15-minute talk before the online debate). Yet Mike Hulme, a leading IPCC contributor, has written:""",,0_0
2. What will be the effect on global climate of increasing amounts of human-made greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide in the air?,,0_0
"Reckless and ""mindless"" are certainly some of the terms that occurred to me after watching Gore's slide show. Some glaciers are receding, but others (omitted from his slides) are advancing. No one knows what causes glaciers to advance and retreatthe physics are complex and much more is involved than simply air temperature.""",,0_0
"Although the Antarctic has a lot of missing data for 1938, (hence the grey), the temperature changes in the Arctic are quite clear, with most of the region about a degree colder in 1980 compared to 1938. So lets combine the two periods.",,0_0
"Guest Post by Bob Tisdale, WUWT, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
"Phil has changed the data at a rate of 0.8 degrees per century, equal to the rate they claim the earth has warmed.",,5_1
"Keep in mind, though, that the discontinuity also exists in COADS and Hadley Centres Marine Air Temperature data (as does the appearance of an El Nino beforehand) and in the COADS Cloud Cover and Wind Speed data.",,0_0
"But no such accusations are made against the protectionists who question the benefits of free trade among nations, deny the manifest evidence of its success, or challenge its status as a human right. Such people are in fact standing athwart 250 years of economics, and an overwhelming consensus of living economists. These protectionists are denying the enormous gains in standards of living and human freedom that are the direct result of free global trade. Question the global warming consensus and you're something between a fool and a Nazi. But question free trade? Ah that's different. That's politically correct.Read more here from Donald Luskin's article A Convenient (and Excellent) Truth. The benefits of free trade are settled science. (Although that won't stop the deniers.)""",,0_0
"This effect can be seen in desired fertility"" statistics, a measure of the number of children people say is ideal. Among non-religious Americans, 21 percent say three or more children make the ideal family size. Among weekly churchgoers, 41 percent do. Last concludes, ""Religion helps marriage and marriage helps fertilitythe end result being that religiosity winds up being an even better predictor of fertility than either education or income."" Fertility rates prove Last's point. Observant Protestants and Catholics have a TFR of 2.25 compared to secular Americans' 1.66. The highest fertility rate in the U.S. is in Mormon Utah, at 2.60.""",,0_0
"Graham Beduze is a Louisiana native and member of CFACT's crack student organizing staff. I was with him at our recent Eco-Summit"" in Minnesota.""",,0_0
"But the big news, Watson, is missing from our papers expanding sea-ice in Antarctica . Is this why southern Australia has had its chilliest July in almost two decades and first snow in Hobart since 1986?",,1_1
"The Center for Health and Global Environment is a hot bed for climate alarmism and anti-coal propaganda. The latest paper, with so much missing in its analysis, builds in that tradition.",,5_2
"The picture below is my UHImeasurementlocation. On a still clear night, temperatures are typically 5-10F cooler near the fire station on the right, than they are at the Safeway parking lot across the intersection (traffic light is inside the red circle.)",,5_1
Thanks to Marc Morano for passing along the news.,,0_0
"Alex Jones Prison Planet.com Dearth Of Sunspot Activity To Herald New Ice Age? A top observatory that has been measuring sun cycles for over 200 years predicts that global temperatures will drop by two degrees over the next two decades as solar activity grinds to a halt and the planet drastically cools down, potentially heralding the onset of a new ice age. While the mass media, Al Gore and politicized bodies like the IPCC scaremonger about the perils of global warming and demand the poor and middle class pay CO2 taxes, both hard scientific data and circumstantial evidence points to a clear cooling trend.",,1_2
"1) Since 1980, temperatures had fallen in the Antarctic by 0.87C, nearly as much as the rise of 1.01C in the Arctic (to August 2012).",,1_1
"In September 2009 the IPCC were caught promoting a Wikipedia graph . The Hanno graph was placed in the UN Climate Change Science Compendium, but in the cold light of day ended up being a Wikipedia graph done by an ecologist called Hanno Sandvik. It was based on data-sets already known to be deeply flawed, the Jones and Mann set (the Hockey Stick), and the Briffa set (the other Hockey stick). The Jones and Mann set used trees that grow faster when CO2 increases, Mann left out some data he said he included, and the statistical methods used were so erroneous and powerful they created a hockey stick even if they were used on random red noise data sets instead of real tree rings. The Briffa set turned out to be heavily influenced by just one tree in remote northern Russia. I??ve covered the flaws in the Mann graph here , and the Briffa graph here.",,5_1
"This low climate sensitivity along with ocean cycles like the AMO, ENSO, and PDO may be the reason for no warming since 1998. See Bob Tisdales post in WUWT here for reinforcement of that idea.",,1_4
"Pachauri's February 24 speech invited traditional scientific give and take, yet Hansen refused additional discussion with the scientists. When Endlich showed data from the Vostok and the Greenland ice cores, Hansen blew him off, saying: you are wrong!"" End of discussion.""",,0_0
"That's an increase of more than 300 percent in the number of global warming lobbyists since 2003, when Congress previously voted on climate change legislation, and means that Washington can now boast more than four climate lobbyists for every member of Congress.",,0_0
"In an extraordinary turn of events, on July 31, the Senate ceased debate on the omnibus energy bill, S.14, and instead agreed unanimously to bring last year's energy bill back to the floor. It passed on a vote of 84 to 14. S.14 had seen slow progress, constantly interrupted by other issues such as judicial nominations, and still faced hundreds of potential amendments. The deal surfaced after majority leader Bill Frist (R.-Tenn.) proposed a cloture motion which many thought unlikely to pass. The Senate therefore faced the prospect of a genuine stalemate which would lead to no energy bill passing at all.",,0_0
"Consider the ironies: A tribal party ended up nominating a man who has a very loose connection to the party and has had as many party affiliations in the past as he has had wives. A party moving toward more strident right-wing ideology, reflected in the candidacy of Ted Cruz, chose a nominee who is against free trade, has a long history of pro-choice sentiment, boosts Social Security, Medicare, and Planned Parenthood, and can sound like a neo-isolationist.",,0_0
Congress should not move quickly to pass comprehensive climate change legislation,,0_0
"Above I summarized the countries for which there are stations that are not matched at GHCN. Remarkably, these include virtually none of the countries where Jones said that they had received data subject to confidentiality agreements ??? so that the confidentiality agreement excuse cannot apply for any of these countries. And for each of the countries for which Jones said that there was a confidentiality agreement (Bahrain, Oman, Algeria, Japan, Slovakia, Mali, India, Pakistan, Poland, Indonesia, Zaire and Sudan), I was able to cross-identify all CRU stations with GHCN identifications so that the confidentiality excuse didn??t affect anything.",,5_2
"The inference is that climate model predictions should be used to drive global energy policy. This is the simple linear model of scientism, that has been resoundingly debunked particularly for a complex problem like climate change.",,5_1
"Political observers debate the implications of the virtual world known as Second Life.""",,0_0
"Effects of elevated CO2 on medicinal substances found in St. John??s wort CO2science.org, July 14 2004 180% increase in the air??s CO2 content more than doubled the dry mass produced by well-watered and fertilized St. John??s wort plants, while it also more than doubled the concentrations of both hypericin and pseudohypericen.",,3_3
"In an eye-opening study published in the Chinese Science Bulletin, Yan et al. (2014) recount how they derived high-resolution sea surface temperature (SST) histories of two 80-year time windows centered at approximately AD 990 and AD 50 within the Medieval Climate Anomaly (MCA) and the Roman Warm Period (RWP), respectively, by analyzing the Sr/Ca ratios and d18O values of Tradacna gigas (giant clam) shells collected from the northern South China Sea",,0_0
"But we dont live in that world. In the real world of public policy, such ideal taxes are virtually never implemented by the book. And if even it they are, they soon come under attack from people wanting to raise them and gain control of a new, easy to collect, hard to avoid revenue stream.",,0_0
"7 hours ago Australias antarctic runway melting. AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving the government scrambling to find a new air ...",,0_0
"In mid-January, the Energy and Environmental Legal Institute revealed that emails obtained through the Freedom of Information Act revealed that the EPA used official events to help environmental groups gather signatures for petitions on agency rulemaking. The level of coordination in these documents is shocking"" said an EELI spokesman. The EPA has a long history of this, including a policy of ""sue and settle"" working with environmental groups to bring a suit to advance regulations and settling the suit to enable it to implement those regulations.""",,0_0
Check this out: climate change analyst job description . Excerpts:,,0_0
"Models might get it right in some places, but Australia is one of the hardest:",,0_0
"Earlier I noted that satellite-era sea surface temperature data indicate the oceans warmed naturally, not via manmade greenhouse gases. NOAAs ocean heat content data also do not support the hypothesis of manmade global warming. Refer to my recent essay titled The Manmade Global Warming Challenge, which is linked to my blog post here . Refer also to the two-part video series prepared for the WattsUpWithThat (WUWT-TV) special linked to the post The Natural Warming of the Global Oceans . And of course theres my book Who Turned on the Heat?",,2_1
"Wind turbines hurt more than birds. On June 16, a Michigan judge agreed with residents who live near the 56-turbine Lake Winds facility and who complained of health problems that began just after the turbines began operating. A lawsuit filed on April 1, 2013 argued that noise, vibrations, and flickering lights emanating from Lake Winds were adversely affecting their health.",,4_4
ALMOST three dozen alien species are thriving in Ireland because of global warming and record rainfall levels.,,3_2
"The fast-track process has meant cutting red tape not cutting corners, Strickland wrote in an e-mail to the AP.""",,0_0
"The research and analysis firm IHS Global Insight has released a new study looking into the unconventional gas sector, and predicts that the shale gas boom will create nearly 1.5 million new jobs by 2015.",,4_5
"Unlike the administration reaction to the Gulf oil spill last year, President Obama and Secretary of Energy Steven Chu have reiterated their support for nuclear power even in the face of the unfolding disaster in Japan, an encouraging sign. Obama and Chu could go one step better, though, and give a major address when the Japan crisis is over, calmly laying out all the facts and making the case to carry on.",,0_0
"The New York Times on December 27, 2012, featured an OpEd with the headline : Bundle Up, It's Global Warming",,0_0
"Perhaps Canada's changes received less attention because Americans tend to give Canada scant notice. On the other hand, when Shell cut its oil and gas reserves by one-third, there was a blizzard of stories. Some of the reports questioned where major Western oil companies, and the world for that matter, will turn to find more oil. Many analysts think there isn't anywhere left to turn. A Swedish research team saw the world's oil reserves as 80 percent less than has been predicted.",,0_0
100% of the WG2 chapters included at least 1 WWF affiliated scientist,,0_0
"A new study of tree-ring data has concluded that not only has our climate often been noticeably hotter than today, temperatures have actually been on a falling trend for the past 2,000 years.",,1_2
"This is Figure 11.25 from the IPCC AR5 (discussed previously on Implications for climate models of their growing disagreement with observations ). Ed Hawkins has added a blue line to show Cowtan and Ways global temperature analysis. While Cowtan and Way is slightly warmer than HadCRUT4 for the past decade, their analysis doesnt change the pause story very much when shown in this context.",,0_0
"toward the idea of getting a box on changes in hurricanes, perhaps written by a",,0_0
"The results showed that, without small algae-eating crustaceans in the eelgrass meadows, climate change could pose a much greater threat to their survival.",,0_0
The appeal of the late Stephen Sugar against the decision of the appeal court that the BBC is exempt from FOI has been unanimously rejected by the Supreme Court . The corporation is to remain beyond scrutiny.,,0_0
"By the way, Mr Boslough fails to have a unified ideology with his fellow LFCSes such as James Hansen, Michael Mann, Al Gore, and many others as well. That's because those other LFCSes actually claim that the deniers"" do have a unified motivation: they're hired by the Big Oil to lie about the climate in order for Philip Morris to sell even more cigarettes, or whatever is exactly the most current explanation of all the ""contrarians"" by Al Gore.""",,0_0
"This question of strategic literacy"" of NATO leaders cannot be overemphasized at a time when NATO allies are elaborating a new (i.e., post 9/11) strategic concept. The task promises to be a daunting one if only because, since the end of the Cold War, the very concept of ""strategy"" has become increasingly problematic in the West in no small part because the concept of the ""West"" itself is no longer self-evident.7""",,0_0
"The Integrated Surface Hourly (ISH) weather data I have described before allows one to examine how various surface weather elements have changed as a function of time of day. (The ISH data volume is very large and it is not a trivial task to decode and analyze many years of it.) Three-hourly synoptic weather observations have been made at many U.S. weather stations for at least 40 years: 1973 seems to be the year when the number of stations reached a fairly large number, and so that is the year my analyses begin with.",,0_0
"The multi-decadal climate models are intended to provide information as to what are the plausible changes. However, in my view there is no need (and much added expense) to use the models to create changed climatology when these models have never demonstrated skill in the predictionfor the past decadesof changes in regional climatology . Thus, the large expense being applied, as illustrated in my post on the Mote et al 2011 EOS article , is not justified.",,5_1
"Things can change quickly. 1950 was the second most active hurricane season on record, and the first hurricane didn??t form until August 12.",,1_7
"NIWAs analysis of measured temperatures uses internationally accepted techniques, including making adjustments for changes such as movement of measurement sites. For example, in Wellington, early temperature measurements were made near sea level, but in 1928 the measurement site was moved from Thorndon (3 metres above sea level) to Kelburn (125 m above sea level). The Kelburn site is on average 0.8C cooler than Thorndon, because of the extra height above sea level.",,0_0
"Also associated with this event are high levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, which are linked to elevated ocean and atmospheric temperatures. Associated consequences include likely enhanced global rainfall and weathering of the continents, which further shifted the chemistry of the ocean.",,0_0
"I heard President Obama on the radio talking about the epidemic of school shootings by psychotic young men armed with knives, guns, cars and explosives. He said he would even be willing to talk to sportsmen about the problem",,0_0
"Zou collected the plant material at low tide in February along the coast of Chinas Nanao Island (if you can point to Nanao Island on a map, you are in a very small minority of Americans). The plants were reestablished in their new home in aquariums with near ambient (360 ppm) and elevated (700 ppm) CO2 levels. The plants were measured regularly to establish the biomass and relative growth rate. A seen in Figure 1, the relative growth rate of the plants was 50% higher when grown in the water with elevated CO2 concentrations. The author notes that prolonged exposure to the elevated levels of CO2 in seawater increased the growth rate of H. fusiforme . The findings were viewed as similar to what others had found when they conducted various experiments on elevated CO2 and seaweed.",,3_3
"By Andrew Montford, Bishop Hill, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
"Since the discovery and generation of energy with coal, oil, and natural gas, generations have lived lives not only different from all who preceded them, but better in so many ways, not the least of which is extended life expectancy. Nations with energy are places where people live longer, healthier lives. They are also wealthier nations where the energy translates into industry, jobs, transportation, and all the other attributes of modern life.",,4_5
"In addition to the Russian crew of 22, the expedition team consists of 18 professional scientists from Australia and New Zealand, and 22 volunteer science assistants. They are members of the public, ranging in age from their 20s to their 70s. They paid to join the scientific adventure",,0_0
"These are hyper-partisan times, but both parties in Congress can agree that they don't like being pushed around by the President. In the Senate, Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski (Alaska) has joined with Democratic colleagues Blanche Lincoln (Arkansas), Ben Nelson (Nebraska), and Mary Landrieu (Louisiana) to sponsor legislation that would strip the Environmental Protection Agency of the authority to regulate greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. This is the same legislation that Sens. Conrad and Burns are considering, the so-called Dirty Air Act."" In the House, North Dakotan Democrat Rep. Earl Pomeroy is offering similar legislation.""",,0_0
"The earth hasn??t warmed at the same pace during the 20 th century. The noticeable temperature increases during some periods interspersed with fairly stable or decreasing levels during others have been explained as a combination of secular global warming (likely manmade) and natural climate variability. We are currently, in the early 21 st century, experiencing a hiatus period, during which surface temperatures have not risen at the same rate as higher atmospheric radiative forcing.",,1_4
"Or, maybe you can convince people that most of our infrastructure is right at sea level, and so is about to be flooded:",,0_0
Mr. President there is no real climate knob the government can use to turn the temperature down. Weve seen the simple calculation using the IPCCs own formula and assumptions lead one to believe that this entire effort is less about trying to control our planets climate and more about using scary scenarios as an excuse to put most human activities under government control.,,4_1
"Some might take this as a good thing, but electricity has gotten more expensive since 2008with the electricity price index at an all-time high."" So we are paying more while getting less.""",,0_0
We have many postings here at JS on the problem of treating the numbers to prevent heart and vascular disease and the side effects and problems with statins.,,0_0
"An outspoken critic of the Obama administration's energy and climate policies, Sen. James Inhofe (R-OK) said, This report is part of the game the president is playing to distract Americans from his unchecked regulatory agenda that is costing our nation middle class jobs, new economic opportunities, and our ability to be energy independent.""",,0_0
Reject 2.0 C/century to confidence of 95%? (=5%),,0_0
He doesnt seem to recognize that a major hit on the US economy that is chump change for climate control isnt a good idea. Propaganda doesnt require a lot of though.,,4_1
The administration wants to apply this to concessionaires as well. This will force us to raise a $20 camping rate by $4 a night.,,0_0
=============================================================,,0_0
"Despite the fact that the carbon trading market, along with ?smart meter? programs, have been exposed as slush fund scams owned by the very globalists fearmongering about man-made climate change ? namely Al Gore and Maurice Strong ? designed to line the pockets of habitual con men who have been caught over and over again lying about the evidence behind global warming, states are now adopting their own version of the scheme so that the trick can be played on an unsuspecting public who still think that cap and trade hasn?t been implemented.",,5_2
"SM: Discredited. This is a man who won, unbelievably, a MacArthur Foundation Genius Award a few years ago even after virtually every prediction he has made over the last 40 years has been disproven by events. Perhaps you can say that Paul Ehrlich is the wrongest man of the 20th century.",,0_0
"All the while, the protesters were outsideat first pressing their signs against the windows (until the blinds were closed) and then shouting through a megaphone in a failed attempt to disrupt the meeting.",,0_0
"Indeed, some commentators have speculated that America's supposedly unilateralist approach to the global warming issue may have spurred hatred among terrorists. This prompted mid-Western satirist James Lileks to fulminate on his web log (www.lileks.com):",,0_0
"The costs of regulations are factored into the products we buy everyday. As regulations become more and more burdensome on businesses, the more expensive our products become. From high tech electronics, such as smartphones, to grocery store purchases like deodorant, the cost of regulations are passed on to us, the consumer.",,0_0
Bill Gates attacks traditional capitalism as not doing enough to help people in the poorest countries of the world.,,0_0
"Basically, sending your photos to these sites is a bit like sending someone to North Korea - they go in but never come out. Someone just shared a shutterfly album with me and God forbid you want to actually save some of the full-resolution images rather than just buy prints from them. At best these sites have some kludgy way to download full resolution photos one at a time, but it is never, ever easy and none have, as far as I have been able to see, a batch download function. Flickr is the best in several ways due to its API that lets me automatically share albums and photos pretty easily in WordPress, but its core interface is now so ugly with the revamp a few years ago that I can barely stand to open it (and they tend to change names for the same damn thing - set, album, collection, etc - depending on which menu or context you find it).",,0_0
"Cholesterol, heart disease, statins, Update and Review on the debate",,0_0
"Fracking, of course, is horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing, a revolutionary technology that definitely will affect our future and our health for the better.",,0_0
"Which begs the question: How could it have been warm enough to grow giant trees 1,000 years ago in an area now covered in ice? We dont know why it was so warm 1,000 years agoclimate scientists dont like to talk about it because they cant explain it ??? but for some reason they are sure that your SUV is causing current warmth.",,2_1
"The four researchers report that no model"" - that's right, no model - ""reproduces the process of Antarctic bottom water formation accurately."" Rather, ""instead of forming dense water on the continental shelf and allowing it to spill off,"" they indicate that ""models present extensive areas of deep convection, thus leading to an unrealistic, unstratified open ocean.""",,5_1
"In order to hide the unexpectedly slow increase in temperature, he has alsostretchedout the Y-axis of his graph. If he drew the temperature graph at the same scale as his 1988 forecasts, no one would even be paying attention any more. The graph below doesnt look much like a hockey stick.",,5_2
"This Senate has limited itself to two hearings on LOST, both heavily stacked in favor of treaty proponents, with even Republican Senators, like Bob Corker (Tenn.) most loudly proclaiming an open mind and desire to learn only to dismiss opponents as they sought to answer his queries. This may be a more even platform than the U.S. will receive should the Senate ratify, but was unseemly nonetheless.",,0_0
"Nicolas D. Loris, The Many Problems of the EPA's Clean Power Plan and Climate Regulations: A Primer,"" Heritage Foundation Backgrounder No. 3025, July 7, 2015, http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2015/07/the-many-problems-of-the-epas-clean-power-plan-and-climate-regulations-a-primer.""",,0_0
"Frankly, given the known historical level of volcanism, globally,. that fact that when it all dramatically slowed in the 1900s, we got somewhat warmer really ought not to surprise anyone. My expectation is simply that we will return to more historical average levels. What where those? Enough to have tropical and Pacific islands depicted with smoking volcanoes more often than not. Enough to have a Year without a summer in 1816-17. Yeah, not a common event; but not the sort of thing to be gone for a century and just call that the new normal.",,2_1
"Michael Manns famous hockey stick graph, the ultimate alarmist propaganda poster, has, we hope, finally been laid to rest. The stick was a central part of the IPCCs third assessment report, but was strangely dropped in the fourth. However, our own government still continues to use a version of it in order to mislead the unsuspecting public:",,5_1
"The much paraded reform of financial governance institutions has not gone far enough, the position paper for the U.N. leadership's keynote session asserts, and the voting power of emerging players and developing world, in general, which demand a greater say on these matters, remains inadequate.""",,0_0
"The accelerated warming interpretation by the IPCC shown in Figure 1 was based on the comparison of the global warming rate of the recent warming period with the global warming rates of longer periods that consist of this warming period and previous cooling-followed-by-warming periods. As the global warming rate for the current warming period is necessarily always greater than those of all the other longer periods with greater denominators, the IPCC was comparing oranges to apples.",,5_2
"DISSERTATIONDEFENSE Samantha Stevenson November 14, 2011 at 9:00am LOCATION: CIRES Auditorium",,0_0
"Newt Gingrich, We Can Have Green Conservatism, and We Should,"" Human Events, April 23, 2007. Available at http://www.aei.org/publications/filter.all,pubID.26036/pub detail.asp.""",,0_0
"In the face of high energy prices and concerns about global warming, environmentalists and planners offer high-speed rail as an environmentally friendly alternative to driving and air travel. California, Florida, the Midwest, and other parts of the country are actively considering specific high-speed rail plans.",,0_0
"As a CFACT supporter, you can get your tickets NOW before they go on sale to the public tomorrow. CLICK HERE to get yours today!",,0_0
"Worst of all, politicians are increasingly and intentionally obscuring and misrepresenting the nature, frequency and severity of storm, flood and surge risks, so that they can promote and permit more construction in high-risk areas, and secure more money and power. They insist that they can prevent or control climate change and sea level rise, by regulating CO2 emission while they ignore real, known dangers that have arisen before and will arise again, exacerbated by their politicized decisions.",,0_0
"In their final chapter, A Declaration of Energy Independence: America's $50 Trillion Opportunity,"" Moore and White turn their attention to the United States' good energy fortune. According to the authors, America has more recoverable oil and gas than Russia, twice as much as China, and three times as much as Saudi Arabia.""",,0_0
Does the Uptick in Global Surface Temperatures in 2014 Help the Growing Difference between Climate Models and Reality?,,5_1
"If you were to scroll up to Figures 9, 6 and 4, youd note that the scales of the anomaly graphs are very different for the three components of the top-of-the-atmosphere energy imbalance. That is, the differences in the simulated TOA outgoing shortwave radiation are so great that the y-axis on Figure 6 spans 12 watts/m^2, while the y-axis for TOA incident shortwave radiation anomalies in Figure 4 only spans 0.7 watts/m^2. To put those metrics into perspective, for Animation 1, Ive used a common scale for the spaghetti graphs of the model outputs. And to help minimize the model noise and show the differences between the models, Ive smoothed them all with 5-year running-average filters.",,0_0
"Meanwhile, a group of Democratic lawmakers late Friday urged colleagues in both the House and Senate to support the inclusion of a one-year extension of the stimulus deadline in any tax-package agreement that makes it through this lame-duck session. Still, it was uncertain whether the extension for renewable energy project cash grants would make it into any final bill.",,0_0
"An approximate 180% increase in the air's CO 2 content more than doubled the dry mass produced by well-watered and fertilized St. John's wort plants, while it also more than doubled the concentrations of both hypericin and pseudohypericen found in their tissues, which means that the CO 2 increase more than quadrupled the total production of these two health-promoting substances. This study thus joins several others we describe in our Major Report - Enhanced or Impaired? Human Health in a CO 2 -Enriched Warmer World - as an excellent example of what elevated levels of atmospheric CO 2 can do for medicinal and health-promoting plants: a lot! Reference",,3_3
"No, to the contrary. Over the long term the number of deadly tornadoes has even dropped dramatically. However, we have to expect that more people will be hit by tornadoes in the future. Not because there are more storms, but because the population is growing and suburbs and cities are expanding. In any case, 2011 is an unusually violent tornado year and itis just a fluke.",,1_7
The climate models are programmed to predict warming. They are completely useless and yet the Met Office continues to stiff British taxpayers withpurchasesof faster GIGO hardware.,,5_1
"Astrophysicist, Joe Postma - in his momentous paper The Absence of a Measurable Greenhouse Effect - goes on to prove that by treating Earth as a sphere so that night and day exist we can suddenly explain with standard physics how daytime gives us the +30 degrees C worth of added GHE temperature; on average over half of the Earth (reaching a theoretical maximum of up to +121 degrees C under the solar-noon if it was not for the cooling power of the atmosphere).",,2_3
41 Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brothers eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye?,,0_0
Figure 1. Left panel Nonlogo ball pressures expressed in deg F using the Ideal Gas Law. The eleven Patriot measurements are divided into three groups indicated by the ellipses.,,0_0
The third point is that the sole support for predictions of dangerous warming are climate modelsbut they are faulty . We know this because observations over the last 20 years or so show the observed temperatures becoming increasingly cooler than the model predictions. This is easily verified. Let me repeat: the climate models are proved to be wrong.,,5_1
"But the good news continued as long-range forecasters predicted a baking summer comparable with 2003 which saw Britains all-time record 38.5C (101.3F) temperature and 2006, the hottest on record at an average of 15.8C.",,0_0
"Wood used to be society's primary energy source; it's now shrunk to a few percent of the total pie, yet we consume more total wood now. Coal's trajectory was the same; used to dominate (1910) as two-thirds of the world's energy but its share has declined since, though total coal use is up. Oil's share of world energy peaked in 1973; still total consumption has since risen as economies expanded. New energy sources and techniques to sustain and propel society don't displace old ones in absolute terms, just relative ones. Likely some combination of solar and nuclear will take the next slot in this long line, expanding choices, but not replacing what came before. After that, in a century? Dark energy? Who knows.",,0_0
say global warming will not pose a serious threat to them or their way of life,,0_0
"Video: French throw national tantrum over small reduction to pension birthright"":""",,0_0
"Have you ever wondered, when you see an assertion along the lines of The Earth has warmed by 1.62 degrees over the last 100 years, how anyone could know that? The literature of global warming alarmism is littered with faux precision; the truth, as you might imagine, is that it is very difficult to get reliable data for the whole Earth over a period of decades if not centuries.",,5_1
Six energy policy changes to watch for in a Republican-controlled Congress,,0_0
"Veterans Affairs wind turbine, built for $2.3 million, stands dormant",,0_0
"Similarly the Climategate emails, the FOIA-2011 releases, the EPA-Gate fake email accounts. Folks are conspiring all over the place these days, openly at times. Sure, it is called collaboration, coordination, or just working together or getting grants / giving grants. Its all just legal forms of conspiracy. That is why police like conspiracy to do FOO laws so much. More conspiracy is done, and prosecuted, than most anything else. It isnt a theory if they are doing it; and we know a lot of it gets done.",,0_0
"There's never a real third way,"" though. Early credits create a new class of stakeholders in a Kyoto-like regime, divide the business community between ""winners"" and ""losers"" in the emissions reduction game, and alter the political dynamic in favor, of Kyoto.""",,0_0
"Accordingly, it is much more difficult to predict future regional climates and the benefits of GHG abatement for specific populations and countries across the planet than to predict global patterns. Yet, what matters for local populations in deciding whether to support GHG controls and their costs is the anticipated impact on regional water supplies, crop yields, sea levels, temperatures, health, and other related outcomes. Regional climate uncertainty makes it very difficult for local and national leaders to forge a political consensus for joining any multilateral action.",,0_0
"Arizona's law is more humble than that. While California pushed a stricter standard than the one Washington was enforcing, Arizona seeks to enforce the federal law that Washington isn't enforcing.",,0_0
"Homeowners who care about their own property should do what they can to reinforce it against hurricanes: roof tie-downs, storm-resistant windows and deep-rooted plantings pay for themselves through improved safety, increased property values and lower insurance rates.",,0_0
"And it is often claimed that ocean acidification is happening as a result of increased atmospheric CO2 concentration. However, I have repeatedly pointed out that the opposite is also possible because the deep ocean waters now returning to ocean surface could be altering the pH of the ocean surface layer with resulting release of CO2 from the ocean surface layer. Indeed, no actual release is needed because massive CO2 exchange occurs between the air and ocean surface each year and the changed pH would inhibit re-sequestration of the CO2 naturally released from ocean surface.",,3_2
The title summarizes the main point of this article that presents many examples suggesting that the temperature data from the weather stations have been repeatedly retroactively adjusted.,,5_2
"So perhaps this emergency is the time to relax the U.S. ethanol mandate, which diverts four of every 10 domestic bushels of corn into gas tanks. That's equal to 15% of international corn production, burned in internal combustion engines that could run on another fuel. But this obvious solution is evidently not obvious to the Environmental Protection Agency, which, despite studying the question for more than a year, says it needs more time.",,0_0
"As the adjacent chart depicts, global warming continues to be a non-issue over the last 15 years (180 months through July 2012).",,1_4
"Experts like Katherine Hayhoe have been hysterically warning about drought in the southwest, based on their mindless superstitions about CO2. Over the past two years, the southwest and Rocky Mountain states have been much wetter than normal.",,5_2
"Marvel goes on to assert that the pause in warming can be explained by a massive increase in ocean heat content. Well, all right, I suppose this is a plausible theory. But it is also a very new oneand only one of 52 different theories offered to explain the hiatus.",,1_4
PHILIP: Who wants to stay? Its clear brawn is no substitute for brains.,,0_0
Learn more:5 questions every president should answer on Afghanistan,,0_0
"More pertinently, Mrs Metcalfe claims that some communities in Scotland are being driven to a state of civil war: Wind farms are splitting communities and dividing friends. Some land-owners are being so generously rewarded for selling or leasing their land to developers that they are turning a blind-eye to whats really happening. Others, she said, who have the temerity to question the alleged benefits, are being subjected to death threats, insults, and burglaries, right across the country",,0_0
"But I really really wanted to get a ground level view to absolute ascertain the placement of the Stevenson Screen. Lots of web searches turn up nothing. I found pictures of the observatories, pictures of the Krupp gun , pictures of the skyline, but no pictures of the nearby weather station. After all, other than myself and surfacestations.org volunteers, who takes pictures of weather stations while on vacation? Still I figured, this is a major tourist spot, within walking distance of the top of the famous Wellington cable car , surely somebody had snapped a photo?",,0_0
"Above all, it reflects a conviction that alarmists have a right to control our energy use, lives, livelihoods and living standards, with no transparency and no accountability for mistakes they make or damage they inflict on disfavored industries and families. And they are pursuing this agenda despite global warming again being dead last in the latest Gallup poll of 15 issues of greatest concern to Americans: only 25% say they worry about it a great deal,"" despite steady hysteria; 24% are ""not at all"" worried about the climate. By comparison, 46% percent worry a great deal about the size and power of the federal government.""",,4_1
Those countries will receive far less foreign aid from increasingly cash-strapped Western nations. Little good will come of the Green Climate Fund cash the United Nation says industrialized nations should transfer to kleptocratic rulers in poor countries as reparations for supposedly causing climate change.,,4_1
"If we were fans of the alarm and extrapolated the latter trend, we would deal with 75 C of global cooling per century. That could indeed be a catastrophe. If we extrapolated the 0.28 C month-on-month cooling since December, the cooling would remove 336 C per century, dropping below 0 Kelvins before 2100. Entertainingly enough, January 2008 was also 0.27 C (anomaly-wise) colder than June 1988 when Hansen gave his infamous testimony before the U.S. Congress, predicting a dangerous warming in the following 20 years.",,1_2
The Harrabin-Abbess story has not died yet (heres Bishop Hill on Jo Abbesss fifteen minutes of fame ; a video of Noel Sheppard on CNNs Glenn Beck Show ; and Melanie Phillips on The Spectator hardly containing her glee on the emerging truth of the BBC showing its pro-AGW bias for all to see ).,,5_2
"Further to this, I fail to see why people are so closed-minded towards a party that: led on preventing disastrous intervention in Syria and is now calling for the government to accept Syrian refugees, that wants no tax on minimum wage, that doesnt believe we should be burdening students with enormous debts. And sure, our 2010 manifesto was drivel, but when its written by an ex-Conservative (who has now defected back), what can we expect? UKIP are a libertarian, common sense party. Some polls have us at double the figure the Liberal Democrats are polling nationally, and over the coming years the party will continue going from strength to strength.",,0_0
"Nothing is more Orwellian than quoting Orwell to attack freedom of thought and discussion. Today's ClimateWire (subscription required) provides a case in point. Scientists need to stop doublespeak on climate, experts say,"" reports Christa Marshall. By doublespeak, Orwell meant a political orthodoxy so pervasively embraced as a party line that everybody sheepishly repeats and even believes manifest falsehoods: Ignorance Is Strength, Freedom Is Slavery, War Is Peace.""",,0_0
"$7,000 for repair of a small dent and scratch that required no replacement of parts",,0_0
"Can Mankind stop it? No. Just as humanity cannot affect the long term climate of the planet, neither can it stop an Ice Age from happening. The climate is primarily driven by the sun.",,2_1
"Increasing U.S. domestic petroleum will not likely lower world oil pricesmost experts believe that U.S. oil reserves are small in relation to the rest of the world. But it will help the U.S. offset the negative economic impact of a large increase in oil prices. For example, the economies of Alaska and Texas fare much better than non-energy producing states when oil prices rise by 50% or 100%. Oil- and natural-gas-producing states experience smaller increases in unemployment and a smaller decline in non-farm employment during a peak oil shock. The reason for this is simple; the size of the energy sector expands during a period when oil prices rise while the rest of the economy shrinks. The growing energy sector helps prop up other areas in the economy by increasing the demand for goods and services in non-oil industries.",,4_5
"This weekend, I sent an email to Lord Monckton to thank him for his hard work and to inquire as to his injuries. Below is his kind response which I share with the American Thinker readers:",,0_0
"Climate Realists announce that new satellite data from Japanese scientists show carbon dioxide is emitted mostly by the third world, with much less coming from industry in the west. For those asleep in the back, thats the reverse of our previous understanding (so its a confusing result). On the map, pink is where emissions are occurring, green is where absorption is occurring.",,4_2
"The CPP has the potential to prematurely shutter hundreds of coal-fueled power plants when viable option exists for the plants' replacement. This winter, Massachusetts is experiencing a 37% increase in electricity rates over last year because plants closed without sufficient infrastructure for their replacement.",,0_0
"Another problem lies in the nearly-infinite malleability of national security"" arguments. If childhood obesity is now a problem affecting our ""national security,"" what is not? Can any socio-economic ill not be defined in some way as to suggest at least some distant impact upon our national security? Admiral Mike Mullen, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and thus the most senior military officer in the United States, recently declared that ""our national debt is our biggest security threat."" That may well be true on some level and I find it in equal parts amusing, fascinating, and horrifying that he seems to be suggesting that President Obama's deficit-fueled socio-economic dirigisme has become a threat to America but surely this sort of fashionably expansive ""national security"" analysis overreaches because there is essentially nothing it cannot encompass.""",,0_0
Search and rescue of passenger vessel trapped in ice underway,,0_0
I assume he is referring to the fact that Arctic ice extent is the highest at the end of July since 2006.,,1_1
"How is that possible? My ex-wife and I buy ten thousand pounds of coal every fall for the Kyrgyz family with whom we lived while we served in the Peace Corps. Burning a ton of coal emits about 3 tons of carbon into the atmosphere, so we are responsible for 30 tons of green greenhouse gases! For environmentalists in rich countries, that's a cause for alarm. For the Kamchibekova clan in Talas, Kyrgyzstan, it's a reason to cheer.",,0_0
"Additionally, the researchers found that sunlight scattered by clouds the reason why beachgoers can get sunburned on overcast days is an important component of cloud contributions to the earth's energy balance. Capturing such contributions will increase the accuracy of climate models, the team from the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory reported in Geophysical Research Letters earlier this month.",,0_0
"Had he wished to be objective, he would have pointed out that the polar bear population has not been falling, but rising.",,3_2
"What will be interesting to see, is what political bribes will be distributed under the table this time. In Copenhagen, the Danes, desperate to fulfil their mission as hosts, during the meeting broke of with Dalai Lama, to appease the Chinese. Will the Mexicans round up the usual suspects in the drug cartels, or increase control over the northern border, to make the US happy? And what will the Chinese do, in order to make sure everyone is happy with their common denominators? May I humbly suggest releasing some dissidents and improving civil liberties.",,0_0
"???Using gas exchange theory, we predict that the 14% increase in atmospheric CO 2 (19822010) led to a 5 to 10% increase in green foliage cover in warm, arid environments. Satellite observations, analysed to remove the effect of variations in rainfall, show that cover across these environments has increased by 11%.??",,3_3
"Heading back to the EPA's Description of Likelihood Table (above) we find that instead of very likely,"" probably the most apropos descriptor is found a couple of lines down, the one that encompasses a 33 to 66% probabilityor ""about as likely as not.""",,0_0
To know what is going to happen in the future we first have to know wherethe earthisin the 1000 year temperature cycle. Here is another picture that shows what the temperatures were in the northern part of the earth over the last 2000 years. Look especially at what happened during the last 1000 years.,,2_1
"MOOSE: Besides, you cant tell me Im wrong because Im givin Spunky what he needs. Thats youre own fallacy. A grade-A ad hominem .",,0_0
"But as Aaron Wildavsky, one of the great policy analysts of the 20th Century documented, some risks are unsuited to pre-emptive mitigation. Attempting to head risks off ahead of time generally fails unless the nature of the risk is extremely well known, and the efficacy of the proposed intervention is equally well known. Consider this: say that you're a batter, and you're 70% sure that you know the pitcher is going to throw you a fast ball. Your success hitting that particular pitcher's fast ball is also 70%. What's the probability you'll actually hit the ball? Only 49%. The other 51% of the time, either he throws a different pitch and you miss, or he throws the fastball and you miss.",,0_0
"In todays The-Scientist pity-me piece , Michael Mann goes out of his way to assert is an accidental public figure. Why?",,0_0
"It turns out that, contrary to popular belief, Greenland ice sheet flow might not be accelerated by increased melting after all, says Shepherd, who was not involved in the research or peer review of the paper.",,1_1
"Reid Bryson , emeritus professor of Atmospheric and Oceanic Sciences, University of Wisconsin-Madison : Its absurd. Of course its going up. It has gone up since the early 1800s, before the Industrial Revolution, because were coming out of the Little Ice Age , not because were putting more carbon dioxide into the air.",,2_1
"Furthermore, most people understand that fossil fuels have been necessary for the prosperity that we all enjoy (at least those under political systems allowing people to benefit from their labors). Energy which currently is dominated by fossil fuels, and will be for decades to come.",,4_5
"Almost overriding all of these are the ridiculous population predictions, particularly in Paul Ehrlich?s book The Population Bomb. One quote is enough to show the insanity of the claims. ?The battle to feed all of humanity is over. In the 1970s and 1980s hundreds of millions of people will starve to death in spite of any crash programs embarked upon now. At this late date nothing can prevent a substantial increase in the world death rate.? Amazingly, despite the inaccuracies Ehrlich and his co-author John Holdren continue to have influence.",,0_0
"In commenting on their findings, the five Chinese researchers say our well-calibrated high-resolution tropical SST records, which suggested a warmer MCA than recent decades, did not agree with the results of the IPCC fourth report, which suggested that the recent decades were the warmest in at least the past 1,300 years."" And they additionally go on to say that their new temperature reconstruction is ""not the only evidence in eastern Asia for a warmer MCA than recent decades.""",,2_1
"AEI Public Opinion Study: Polls on the environment, energy, global warming, and nuclear power",,0_0
"It is spektakulrt. As jmfrelse's we've had an increase on the level in the 1900s, says Linderholm.",,0_0
"Climate is driven by the sun, as a recent NASA study has confirmed. Now the suns about to enter an extended period of cooling, of that the experts have little doubt.",,2_1
"The Obama administration estimates six lobster boats and 20 other fishing vessels still operate in the newly-protected area. Officials will allow recreational fishing to continue, but commercial fishing and seabed mining will be banned.",,0_0
"If the Kyoto Protocol was really about the environment, then surely everyone would be expected to reduced emissions, particularly the really big emitters like China and India.",,4_2
of two baboons when one is dominant. (A new member of a committee on which I served once asked me why,,0_0
Global Warmth In 88 Is Found To Set a Record New York Times,,0_0
"Examining the Chinese effort to develop an electric vehicle market offers a window into the countrys economics and politics as it confronts these three challenges, write Henry Lee , senior lecturer in public policy and Jaidah Family Director of the Environment and Natural Resources Program at Harvard Kennedy School, and his coauthors, Sabrina Howell and Adam Heal, both research associates at the Kennedy School, in Leapfrogging or Stalling Out? Electric Vehicles in China .",,0_0
"Even the richest of private companies blush at the prospect of buying Gulfstream V jets, the absolute top of the line in business jet luxury. Except, of course, for the ridiculously oversized Boeing Business Jet, of which Congress appears to be buying 3 (the BBJ is the business version of the 737). I am sure there is one, but I can't think of a single Fortune 500 company, and I have worked for and with a lot of them and flown on their jets, that has even one BBJ.",,0_0
r det miljn eller makten som r det centrala fr miljrrelsen idag?,,0_0
"The Bible tells us that we shall know false prophets by their fruit, in other words by what they produce. And what climate alarmists have shown to date is an appalling lack of honesty and ethics.",,5_2
"In 2015, unchecked climate change, global nuclear weapons modernizations, and outsized nuclear weapons arsenals pose extraordinary and undeniable threats to the continued existence of humanity, and world leaders have failed to act with the speed or on the scale required to protect citizens from potential catastrophe. These failures of political leadership endanger every person on Earth. In 2015, with the Clock hand moved forward to three minutes to midnight, the board feels compelled to add, with a sense of great urgency: The probability of global catastrophe is very high, and the actions needed to reduce the risks of disaster must be taken very soon.""",,0_0
"President Bill Clinton signed the agreement in 1997, but the Senate refused to ratify it, citing potential economic damage. In 2001, President George W. Bush withdrew the United States from the Kyoto Protocol.",,0_0
"... simply put, you can't (from 2006): Mankind has had less effect on global warming than previously supposed, a United Nations report on climate change will claim next year. The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says there can be little doubt that humans are responsible for warming the planet, but the organisation has reduced its overall estimate of this effect by 25 per cent. The IPCC has been forced to halve its predictions for sea-level rise by 2100, one of the key threats from climate change. It says improved data have reduced the upper estimate from 34 in to 17 in. Commentary and Vitriol @ Cjunk",,5_1
"~Meanwhile, back on Planet Earth, the divergence between the climate models and reality is ever greater . In other news, it may not all be the fault of your carbon footprint :",,5_1
"Heath Hickory: I dont know, Molly, Im not really into that whole Earth Day thing. Whats it about?",,0_0
"On the other hand, it didn't stop him from being a jerk of a sort, either. In 1936, he warned the Soviet officials that the mathematics community was full of counter-revolutionaries in the so-called Luzin affair. People were losing jobs. He was not only an aggressive commie, he was a sort of fascist, too. During mathematical conferences, he would scream that a pro-Israel Jewish scientist named Nathan Jacobson was a mediocre mathematician and racist because he was a Zionist. Another, even better Jewish mathematician, Grigory Margulis, won the Fields medal but couldn't get the permission to leave the USSR after Pontryagin painted him as a dirty Jew, too.",,0_0
"Some days we are told that CO2 is making the weather cold. Other days we are told that CO2 is making the weather warm. Without some actual evidence that the Earth is heating by a dangerous amount, James Whites statement is pointless.",,5_1
"on Tuesday, July 20th, 2010 at 1:43 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"The1899 San Ciriaco hurricane was the longest lasting storm on record, and killed more than 3,000 people.",,1_7
Funding Flows for Climate Change Research and Related Activities,,0_0
"Gore: Global warming is increasing the number of wildfires in US forests. Truth: Fires continue to threaten habitats, wildlife and homes because insects are killing trees and environmentalist legal actions prevent foresters from managing dense stands of brush and thin, diseased and dead trees.",,0_0
"The 1199 alumni network extends far beyond New York. Its most distinguished member is Patrick Gaspard, currently the Obama administration's ambassador to South Africa. A former colleague of Cunningham's and one of Mayor Bill de Blasio's close friends, Gaspard earlier served as Obama's White House political director and as executive director of the Democratic National Committee. Many 1199 operatives also go on to work for the national SEIU, whose president, Andy Stern, was President Obama's most frequent White House visitor during his first 100 days in office.",,0_0
"Low-fat diets didn't reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, colorectal cancer or invasive breast cancer, according to three large studies published this week in the Journal of the American Medical Association. The researchers divided 48,835 women into two groups based on diet-- one group with 19,541 women consumed a low fat diet and the other group with 29,294 women consumed their usual dietsand followed the women for 8.1 years.",,0_0
"In one of the most politically charged judicial elections since Rose Bird lost her seat in California, Wisconsin voters marched to the polls and delivered a dead heat. Fewer than 600 votes separate incumbent Justice David Prosser and his labor-backed opponent, JoAnne Kloppenburg, with Prosser barely in front. Almost 1.5 million voters cast ballots in this race, not far from the 2.1 million who voted in November's Senate race, an indication of the stakes involved in this election:",,0_0
Severe weather is likely today and tomorrow with moderate risks both days.,,0_0
"The 2013 hurricane season just ended as one of the five quietest years since 1960. But don't expect anyone who pointed to last year's hurricanes as proof"" of the need to act against global warming to apologize; the warmists don't work that way.""",,0_0
"Baliunas: We are looking to find all the causes of natural change of the climate of the Earth, the sun being one of them. That way we can subtract out the natural changes and look for the human signal. We see, essentially, no signal of human activity. Most of the changes that we see line up with the changes in the sun. Now there's some uncertainty, so there may be a human signal. But if there is, it's quite tiny. . . .",,2_1
"Gee, we need to show more sea surface warming during the hiatus, but we dont want to increase the trend since about 1982.",,1_4
This is no time to inflict real pain on Australians hip pockets. ... Airport drop-off set for overhaul .... Australias $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting away.,,0_0
"The above graph shows how drastically the IPCC was compelled to reduce its near-term warming projections between the spaghetti-graph shown and the sharply downward-revised prediction zone between the two green arrows. The red arrows show where the medium-term predictions were in 1990. The observed trend, in black, is trailing along at the very bottom of the prediction zone.",,5_1
Figures: Top: Eastern Pacific Warming (EPW) Atlantic storm tracks for seasons indicated on the plot. EPW is the traditional El Nino. Bottom left: Central Pacific Warming (CPW) or the new El Nino described in the paper and right: Eastern Pacific Cooling or La Nina. Track legend: :,,0_0
You can dive deeper into this historic beer milestone by viewing the Brewers Association's interactive timeline of US breweries from 1873-2015.,,0_0
"In the meantime, we look for Rep. Henry Waxman to reprise the level of outrage he displayed over Abramoff to prove it was also not political and come down hard on the practice he so aggressively condemned and pursued, demanding preservation of records, threatening subpoenas, the whole works. With our request, that's essentially what we've done, and we'd appreciate the company. You too, NPR.",,0_0
"Yet it is another shift that makes the most compelling argument for addressing natural gas in the U.S.-Canada Clean Energy Dialogue in 2014: the recent fall in bilateral natural gas trade. Canada remains the largest foreign supplier of natural gas to the United States, and the United States is Canada's largest export market for gas, but volumes have been falling as new U.S. natural gas supplies come into the market. Producers in both countries are exploring export markets outside North America.",,0_0
So where is responsible journalism in all of this? All too often the mainstream is very far downstream in channeled disregard of abuses. The combined Bernard Madoff and Enron hoaxes did far less national damage yet received a whole lot more media attention.,,0_0
"Nye's not the first to lament how cheap oil, gas and coal have gotten since summer 2014 when oil was more than $100 a barrel. One of the world's top energy authorities told reporters cheap energy was endangering the fight against global warming.",,0_0
"They've just announced an increase in carbon emissions which is the same scale as the entire carbon emissions of the United Kingdom, said British energy and climate change secretary Chris Huhne last week.""",,0_0
Disadvantages: There are two main disadvantages of using only one data set. These are: one may be suspected of cherry picking and one increases error. The difficulties with the first can be largely minimized by explaining ones data choice prior to performing an analysis.,,0_0
And what does the officially hottest station in the UK at Gravesend look like?,,0_0
"U.S. single-family home prices fell for a fifth straight month in November and could plumb new lows soon, a closely watched survey showed on Tuesday.",,0_0
The most terrifying aspect of McKibben's piece is his biased selection of flawed supporting documentation and his disregard for the truth about fracking.,,0_0
"This week scientists from around the world leapt to the defence of the IPCC, insisting that despite the errors, which they describe as minor, the majority of the science presented in the IPCC report is sound and its conclusions are unaffected.",,0_0
"An ex-conservative (small-C not a typo) hippie blogger mocks Fox News for highlighting failed global warming predictions from the past . Apparently when a scientist suggests something will happen in 10, 15 or 20 years and it doesnt its wrong to ask what went wrong. Read the link but dont bother leaving a comment youll be banned before you finish it.",,0_0
"While the CPP appears to be about forcing the power sector into reducing CO2 emissions, there are spillover impacts of higher electricity rates on overall economic activityespecially energy-intensive industries such as steel, manufacturing, and chemicals. America's abundance of affordable, reliable energy provides businesses with a critical operating advantage in today's intensely competitive global economy. The EPA's proposal will reduce America's advantage, as it's acknowledged that the proposed regulations will raise electricity rates in the contiguous U.S. by 5.9% to 6.5% in 2020.",,0_0
"Although various research groups use different techniques to account for this problem, the absence of ground truth (true temperature) makes it impossible to ascertain whose technique is best. Esper uses a method aimed at retaining long-period (greater than a century or so) variations in the tree-ring records, whereas Mann uses a method that virtually eliminates all long-term variation. Esper concludes, ""Higher-frequency climate variations are generally better understood than lower-frequency variations.""",,0_0
"Refer to my post Guilyardi et al (2009) Understanding El Nio in Ocean-Atmosphere General Circulation Models: progress and challenges , which introduces that paper. That paper was discussed in much more detail in Chapter 5.8 Scientific Studies of the IPCCs Climate Models Reveal How Poorly the Models Simulate ENSO Processes of my book Who Turned on the Heat?",,5_1
"The findings reveal that warm waters may be the cause behind these shifts. This, in turn, could be a result of globally warming oceans.",,0_0
"scales, carbon and other elemental cycles, etc. and it has to be several",,0_0
"Russia's relation to the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, and its expectations, are of an altogether different nature. On the surface, to be sure, China and Russia appear to be the two main pillars of the SCO. Economically and militarily, the two countries' relation is, for the time being at least, one of genuine complementarity. But while the SCO constitutes the core of China's Islamic strategy, it is for Russia a tactical option to both manage the rise of China in Eurasia and to gain leverage over the West.15",,0_0
"The result was an overall cooling effect that completely contradicts claims made by NASAs own climatology division that greenhouse gases are a cause of global warming. As illustrated by data collected using Sounding of the Atmosphere using Broadband Emission Radiometry (SABER), both carbon dioxide (CO2) and nitric oxide (NO), which are abundant in the earths upper atmosphere, greenhouse gases reflect heating energy rather than absorb it",,2_3
Obama also moved rapidly to get the Cabinet in place and the sub-Cabinet,,0_0
"Some worrisome news from Greg Ladens Science blog , also in the running for Best Science Blog",,0_0
"Bellingen News, sport and weather | The Bellingen Shire Courier Sun",,0_0
The Met Office makes an amazing discovery right before Cancun. What a stroke of good fortune for the occupants of this planet.,,0_0
"Lobbyists love cap-and-trade because of its complexity. At every step of the process, there are myriad nooks and crannies into which they can stuff special favors for their corporate clients. Industrial suppliers and users of energy will hire lobbyists to claim that they deserve free permits for some reason or another. And the auction-generated revenue would create a huge money trough coveted by every conceivable special interest and their pricey lobbyists.",,0_0
"Oh noes, thermometers climate scientists used to measure thermal radiation to prove the greenhouse gas effects temperature are designed to specifically ignore feedback from greenhouse gasses . The science is unsettling, no?",,5_1
"One of the Fascists, distracted as I had intended, began trying to offer a commentary on what I was saying. Using my elbow, I kept her away from the microphones and continued talking. Eventually, the squad marched out of the room and rapidly dispersed before the police could round them up.",,0_0
"Now that scientists have confirmed that global warming has been entirely missing since 1998, possibly the the lamestream press will finally gain the courage to finally report actual weather and climate facts, such as reporting the global cooling trend since 2002. This would be a huge improvement versus their modern method of doing climate science by press release.",,1_4
"Graph at left side shows temperature variations over the past 15,000 years, temperatures ~2C higher than the present during the early to mid Holocene.",,2_1
Most of the key studies in the IPCC report have not archived their data and refuse to release their data or software code to any skeptic for replication,,5_2
"The researchers hypothesize that long-term warming may change the community of soil microorganisms so that it becomes more efficient. Organism adaptation, change in the species that comprise the soils, and/or changes in the availability of various nutrients could result in this increased efficiency.",,3_2
"CC: Mr. John Grunsfeld, Associate Administrator for Science",,0_0
"Cooma News, sport and weather | Cooma-Monaro Express",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Director of Energy & Global Warming Policy Myron Ebell on the action in Congress needed to increase access to domestic energy sources:,,0_0
"The contributions of Thornthwaite to practical applications of climate were summarized in a 1996 biography, The Genius of C. Warren Thornthwaite, climatologist-geographer.?",,0_0
We welcome the acknowledgement by the Panel that the Urban Heat Island effect on surface temperatures records in and around large cities is important but poorly understood. We also welcome the admission that the IPCC ignored the expressions of uncertainty in CRU papers.,,5_1
"It is now estimated that some 50,000 executions took place across Europe.",,0_0
"Part 2 tomorrow, Why the world will not agree to pricing carbon ,evaluatesthe output from the most widely cited and accepted climate economics model and shows that at realistically likely participation rates, carbon pricing would be economically damaging for all this century.Costs would exceed benefits for all this century and probably forever. Negotiators recognize these facts so they will not sign up .An alternative approach is suggested that may be worth more consideration than it has received to date.",,4_1
"The senators noted in their letter to Mr. Clinton that his own undersecretary of state, Frank Loy, had said at the collapse of talks in the Netherlands: Nations can only negotiate abroad what they believe they can ratify at home. The United States is not in the business of signing-up to agreements it knows it cannot fulfill. We don't make promises we can't keep.""",,0_0
"At the Earth Day gathering, UN secretary-General Ban Ki-moon declared: We are in a race against time.""",,0_0
"Very nearly all of the so-called tropical"" diseases that Al Gore and other ""global warming"" profiteers say will spread disastrously if the weather continues to get warmer as it has done for the past 300 years are not tropical at all. The thrive in the tropics simply because the countries of that region do not have sufficient public-health measures to prevent them from breeding. In the contiguous United States, malaria was rife right up to the Canadian border in the 1880s, but widespread use of DDT had eradicated it by 1949.""",,0_0
"The American Interest; The global solar industry is in shambles. Consumers can find Chinese panels for relatively cheap (though of questionable quality), but every step of the production chain is being propped up by government subsidies. American panel makers are folding, but so too are Chinese manufacturers, and Beijing's central planners won't be able to keep them afloat forever.",,0_0
"As we both know or should know carbon dioxide is plant food. Other nutrients are needed, but CO2 is a plants only food, it cannot survive without it. Carbon dioxide replenished through the carbon cycle is the source of the carbon utilized to produce carbohydrates through photosynthesis. Without plants of course, we animals could not survive.",,3_3
"Peter Ferrara, Investor's Business Daily",,0_0
"doctrine of counterinsurgency aims to gain enough of local citizens' trust that they will help find rebel fighters and build governance structures,",,0_0
"For one thing, wind turbines and solar panels, which only produce energy if massively subsidized by the state, drive up electricity prices, which kills off manufacturing jobs.",,4_4
"Not every idea advanced at the summit was bad-participants talked about the need to simplify regulations, improve American tax competitiveness, and increase openness of foreign markets. Even President Obama admitted that true economic recovery is only going to come from the private sector."" But if Obama realizes the private sector must lead the recovery, why is he proposing to burden it with more taxes, more government spending, and more regulation? True economic recovery will only come when the Administration realizes that regulation does not create jobs.""",,0_0
Whales whose hearing is disrupted or permanently damaged by noise are basically sentenced to death because they are no longer able to orient themselves.,,0_0
"In fact, the temperature of planet today is almost the same as it was when satellites first started measuring it in 1979. No one under the age of 32 has experienced global warming. Some of us predate that and remember the heavy frosts of the nineteen seventies. Those frosts are returning, and worse. Solar activity is weakening, and will remain weak for another 22 years.",,1_4
"The estimates of 0.5 to 1 watts/m^2 (watts per square meter, referenced to Earths surface area) are only 0.15 % to 0.29 % of the 341 watts/m^2 estimated amount of sunlight at the top of the atmosphere shown in Figure 1.",,0_0
"Gas Rich Britain? The UK Geological Survey released a study of northern England that indicates that the Bowland shale basin may contain the largest amount of shale gas in the world, up to 1300 trillion cubic feet. Of course much more exploration is necessary to determine how much is economically recoverable. The discovery will cause great consternation among the no fossil fuels politicians. Please see links under Oil and Natural Gas the Future or the Past?",,4_5
TIME SERIES TROPICAL AND EXTRATROPICAL SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURE,,0_0
Recall the discussion of the East Pacific response to El Nio events.,,0_0
"Finally, America's mayor didn't make it through the primaries. You know, your humble correspondent probably isn't the most canonical guy who would have picked Giuliani but I would find him highly natural in the office, anyway. He's still a symbol of the mainstream America's leader who has everything that seemed necessary in those old years when I couldn't think about a single major complaint against America these days, I have way too many.",,0_0
"The question answers itself. Of course not. But that is the effect of the Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS), more commonly known as the ethanol mandate.More than 1 billion of the worlds people live in absolute poverty. When prices for staple commoditiessoar,millions ofpeoplecan be pushed to the brink of starvation.",,4_4
Media Claim Cold and Snow Prove Global Warming,,0_0
"At the same time, having worked to demonize the president as illegitimate and not loyal to America or American values, every subsequent compromise made by GOP leaders to keep the government open or to pass policy was by definition working with the enemy.",,0_0
The AEO2014 side case for the $25 per ton carbon tax would cut energy-related CO2 emissions by about 50 percent by 2050 (overall emissions would probably drop by a slightly smaller percentage). These cuts translate to a temperature moderation of about 0.05 degrees centigrade (about 0.09 degrees Fahrenheit) by the end of this century. Few would argue that this virtually unmeasurable impact is worth the million lost jobs and trillions of dollars of lost income.,,0_0
"There were no surface observations under that storm. But we can see the total precipitation for the entire thunderstorm period (based on radar) in the following figure. Keep in mind that radar-based precipitation totals are rough estimates and that the north Cascades blocked a lot of the radar echo. Clearly, the eastern side of the Cascades was hammered, with some places getting 4-6 inches over a several day period. I cannot imagine what happened under that intense thunderstorm over the North Cascades.",,0_0
". much of the temperature variability during 20002010 was due to ENSO , we conclude that ENSO-relatedtemperature variations are partly radiatively forced. We hypothesize that changes in the coupled ocean-atmosphere circulation during the El Nio and La Nia phases of ENSO cause differing changes in cloud cover, which then modulate the radiative balance of the climate system. As seen in Figure 3(b) for the ocean-only data, the signature of radiative forcing is stronger over the oceans than in the global average, suggesting a primarily oceanic origin .",,2_1
"Climategate, and the dishonorable response to its revelations by some official scientific bodies, show that scientists are under pressure to toe the orthodox party line on climate change, and receive many benefits for doing so. That's another reason for suspicion.",,5_2
"Mildura News, sport and weather | Sunraysia Daily",,0_0
"Driessen encouraged the crowd not to cede the high moral ground on these issues, to challenge the regulations wherever possible, and to publicly hammer the regulators for impairing the health and welfare of millions of Americans.",,0_0
Figure 1 Bathymetry of Lake Michigan (Great Lakes Environmental Research Laboratory),,0_0
"In one of the most obvious, architects, city planners, mayors and governors alike thought nothing of placing generators in the basements of hospitals and skyscrapers built in areas that are barely above sea level. Past storms have brought surges12 to 18 feet high onto Long Island, and studies have warned that a category 3 direct hit could put much of New York City and its key infrastructure under 30 feet of water. Sandy's 9-foot surges (plus five feet of high tide) flooded those basements, rendering generators useless, and leaving buildings cold and dark. Perhaps if Mayor Bloomberg had worried less about 32-oz sodas and seas that are rising a mere foot per century, he could have devoted more time to critical issues.",,0_0
Allowing for this exaggeration knocks back this centurys anthropogenic warming to not much more than 1 K about a third of the 3-4 K that we normally hear so much about.,,3_1
I dont believe that the worlds present population is sustainable if there are more than three years like 1972 in a row.,,0_0
Whats the most-often-presented falsehood theyve manufactured about El Nio and La Nia?,,0_0
"St George News, sport and weather | St George & Sutherland Shire ...",,0_0
This period of widespread warmth is notable in that there is no evidence that it was accompanied by an increase of greenhouse gases.,,2_1
"In the long run, Congress should end subsidies, privatize and deregulate passenger rail. These actions are the only way to force Amtrak to abandon unnecessary routes that are not commercially viable, improve safety, and manage its resources effectivelyand honestly.",,0_0
"Toward the end of that overview, she boldly and vigorously supports free speech. Moreover, she rejects the idea that academic freedom is meant to be a shield behind which publicly-funded professors hide.",,0_0
"It's 4:00 on Friday afternoon. Time to release a report with great news for the American economy, but which will leave hard-core enviros spitting, sputtering and gnashing their teeth.",,0_0
One of the key statements (from page 2 of the Executive Summary of the EPA's TSD) is thisa simple mimic the IPCC AR4 finding:,,0_0
"As for recent deforestation, there are currently three main factors: (1) agricultural and livestock expansion (human population growth leads to expanded needs for crop and grazing lands); (2) increased demand for commercial forest products (national economic development and international trade stimulate mainly timber harvesting); and (3) increased demand for noncommercial forest products (fuel wood, fodder, and others). (de Miranda, pp. 156-157)""",,0_0
"The study, commissioned by the Office of Net Assessment, looked particularly at the possible effects of rapid cooling following the shutting down of the Gulf Stream because of global warming. The study admitted it was imagining the unthinkable"" and that its scenario was extreme in both its global reach and its magnitude. The Pentagon reacted that the $100,000 study did not meet its needs and took no action.""",,0_0
Some CAGW proponents argument against the recent stall in the global warming trends with this graph called ???escalator??. Source: www.skepticalscience.com,,1_4
"Fourthly, the backgrounder claims that global warming is causing both droughts and floods. Regardless of whether this is the case, deaths from droughts have declined by 99.9% since the 1920s, and 99% from floods since the 1930s. In fact, since the 1920s, average annual deaths from all extreme weather events have dropped by 95 percent while annual death rates, which factor in population growth, have been reduced by 99 percent.",,1_7
"Date: April 28, 2010 Time: 7:00 pm Central DST",,0_0
"If air temperature is holding steady and air quality improving, it is hard to understand how, per White House senior advisor Brian Deese: This is not just a future threat this is a present threat.""",,0_0
"The most important issues mentioned are beyond my own experience, at least to the point where its new information to me. What happened is Dr. Scafetta has noticed a coherence between measured climate data and the suns gravity center velocity which is difficult for me to discount. Im no climatologist and not a solar physicist but this seems from my reading to be unique to the discussion of solar forcing. In particular look at this plot of the power spectrum of global temps in relation to the plot of the suns linear velocity relative to the gravitational center of the solar system.",,2_1
"See also the peer-reviewed Legates, D. R., Soon, W., & Briggs, W. M. (2013). Learning and teaching climate science: The perils of consensus knowledge using agnotology. Science & Education , 22, 20072017 ( pdf ).",,0_0
"Jumping back and forth from dramatic claims to scientific fact, Climate Hustle helps thinking people see past the fear mongering of the current climate change narrative and examine the global warming evidence for themselves.",,0_0
"people, like monkeys, can be angels of generosity when all eyes are",,0_0
Seven power plants in Pennsylvania are under attack by the Sierra Club and EarthJustice which have filed a federal lawsuit. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has exposed this common practice by environmental groups to ?sue and settle.?,,0_0
"Thats because this new type of El Nio, known as El Nio Modoki (from the Japanese meaning similar, but different), forms in the Central Pacific, rather than the Eastern Pacific as the typical El Nio event does. Warming in the Central Pacific is associated with a higher storm frequency and a greater potential for making landfall along the Gulf coast and the coast of Central America.",,0_0
"Ive lived through the Democrat Governor Grey (out) Davis and rolling power outages every summer (and occasional outages in winter). Bought 2 generators. One small one for initial use, one bigger one for more extended outages when running the major appliances was needed.",,0_0
"More importantly, the comments provide furtherdocumentation in the public recordas to major issues with regulating CO2 and several other well-mixed greenhouse gases as pollutants. Of particular relevance to my expertise, the EPA Findings are not scientifically robust; e.g. see",,0_0
"The bulk of the Cisneros article relies on computergenerated climate and economic predictions. A good scare story might benefit insurers by justifying higher insurance premiums. However, the track-record for long term climate change computer modeling is a failure.",,5_1
"CFACT is not alone in opposing the Obama Administration's attack on the provision of energy. Six unions are petitioning the Senate to hold hearings on the EPA coal plant rules. The International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and five other unions have sent a letter to top senators on the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee. The United Mine Workers, Boilermakers, and Utility Workers said that the proposed rules would result in the closing of 56 gigawatts of coal-fired generation and the loss of approximately 250,000 jobs. These unions have been pushing back against the Obama administration for years at this point.",,0_0
"The second wrong messagein the articlewas that the warming between 1970 and 2010 was due to global warming when it has clearly been shown by climate scientists, includingthe Met Office,that natural planetary cycles ENSO(stronger ElNinos)were behind the recent warm phase.",,2_1
"For the second time this year, Hawaii has experienced a spectacular electric show. In late February we saw nearly 21,000 lightning strikes in a five-hour window when a storm system stalled over Hawaii.",,0_0
"Recently, Felix began crying when his mom went to pack his lunch in a resealable plastic bag. When asked what the trouble was, Felix told his parents that his kindergarten class had had a draw for a stuffed toy, but that he had been excluded from the contest because his teacher had found a plastic sandwich bag in his lunch kit. So he pleaded with his mom not to make him an enviro-criminal again.",,0_0
"On the chart, superimposed is the latest NASA/GISS two-year average temperature on the chart, which indicates the slow creep of global warming. As greenhouse growers have known for over 100 years, a plant's productivity increases with a warmer climate environment.",,3_2
"loss based on transient phenomena, while not acknowledging the possibility of",,0_0
"More important from a libertarian-Republican perspective, none of the deep-blue-state governors was a model of the libertarian fiscal policy preferred by Paul and his backers. Romney pushed through Romneycare; Schwarzenegger turned to the left after two years in office, going so far as to hire the former executive director of the state's Democratic party to be his chief of staff. Pataki, Romney, Schwarzenegger, and others championed regional greenhouse-gas-limitation pacts to combat global warming. None cut government by anywhere near as much as Senator Paul suggests in his proposed budget.",,0_0
"Schmidt says that these efforts are a little misguided. He argues that it is difficult to attribute success or failure to any particular parameter because the inherent unpredictability of weather and climate is built into both the Earth system and the models. It doesn't suggest any solutions, he says.",,5_1
NRO's Manzi Mischaracterizes Global Warming Debate,,0_0
Marden Henge is the largest henge in Britain enclosing 14 hectares (Avebury encloses 11.5 and Durrington Walls encloses 12).,,0_0
16. Will global warming cause the spread of infectious diseases?,,0_0
"Indeed, Wang et al. begin their article noting The impact of the rising sea surface temperature (SST) on tropical cyclone (TC) activity is one of the great societal and scientific concerns. With the observed warming of the tropics of around 0.5C over the past 4 to 5 decades, detecting the observed change in the TC activity may shed light on the impact of the global warming on TC activity. Recent studies of the trends in the existing records of hurricane intensity have resulted in a vigorous debate in academic circles. Much of the debates centered on uncertainties of the hurricane intensity records. Once again, we see scientists acknowledging that yet another vigorous debate is ongoing in the climate change world, despite the popular claim that the debate is over when it comes to the science of global warming (possibly the most laughable claim we encounter).",,5_1
"When the search for truth is confused with political advocacy, the pursuit of knowledge is reduced to the quest for power.",,0_0
"Found it in Dr Richard Keens Global Warming Quiz , via Roger Pielke, Sr.s Climate Science .",,0_0
"In light of the findings of Pansch et al ., as well as those of the other researchers they cite, it would appear that juvenile barnacles of the species they studied are already well equipped to meet the challenges of a significantly warmed and acidified ocean.",,3_2
reconstruction??? It would help the cause to be able to refer to that,,0_0
Climate change contrarian: How green hysteria will hit the US,,0_0
"In short, the probability of getting 484 sites that pass the p < .128 screening by chance, is very small, and his argument is utterly wrong. The only way it could be true is if somehow the temp-ring relationship magically arose in 1850 but didnt exist beforehand, which of course is ludicrous.",,0_0
"Cuba on Tuesday announced plans to drill five deepwater oil wells in the Gulf of Mexico beginning this summer, expressing confidence that its efforts will be rewarded with major new energy finds.",,0_0
"But sometimes, the King Bull says no, not good enough. No one knows why. The smell? Bad taste? In that case, in another few days the mother will try again. And it may or may not be accepted that time.",,0_0
"Had that tactical ploy established itself as a governing political philosophy for the eight years of the Bush presidency, it might have been the logical successor to previous incarnations of Republican thought during the past 150 years: the Kansas-Nebraska Act and the party's antislavery roots of the 1850s; turn-of-the-century antitariff and pro-growth economics; and the triad of lower taxes, anticommunism, and restrained federalism that defined the GOP of the second half of the twentieth century.",,0_0
"It really is frustrating wading through these debates. A series with SNR of 0.1 (with white noise) is not essentially, entirely composed of noise"". It actually doesnt take all that many series for the noise to cancel out and to reccover the signal. The spurious regression problem is the problem of an unrelated trending series. Arguing from high white noise situation is totally irrelevant.""",,0_0
"and a check of the typical weather does make it look like this is a bit late for snow. Perhaps we have someone Czech reading who could comment on how usual, or not, this kind of May Snow might be?",,0_0
"Nowhere in the universe does an input of -18 degrees C become +15 degrees C, by having -18 degrees C combine with itself or trap itself.",,0_0
17. A toned-down version of the IPCC's press release is available at http://www.ipcc.ch/press/pr08122003.htm.,,0_0
Evidence for cosmic ray modulation in temperature records from the South Atlantic Magnetic Anomaly region,,2_1
"Car Emissions, one of the largest contributors to air pollution, will be reduced by more than 80 percent over the next 25 years, according to the Environmental Protection Agency. According to an April PRI Harris Interactive poll, 74 percent of respondents revealed their belief that cars are less polluting now than they were 25 years ago.",,0_0
"There is evidence from these records of rapid warming ~11,500 calendar years ago. Central Greenland temperatures increased by ~7 deg C in a few decades (Dansgaard et al; 1989; Johnsen et al 1992; Grootes et al 1993). There are indications of an even more rapid change in the precipitation pattern (Alley et al 1993) and of rapid reorganizations in the atmospheric circulation (Taylor et al 1993a,Majewski et al 1993). Changes in SST, associated with sudden changes in oceanic circulation, also occurred in a few decades, at least in the Norwegian Sea (~5 deg C in fewer than 40 years: Lehman and Keigwin 1992). ??",,2_1
"Morisset News, sport and weather | Lakes Mail",,0_0
"However it is not a stretch to think that the conclusions of this Harvard study were preordained. Delving into the literature shows that a different group of folks could set out to examine the same thing even selecting from among the same pool of climate, economic, and epidemiological studies and arrive at a largely different conclusiona conclusion that the externalities from coal-fuelled electricity are only slightly negative, and perhaps even positive.",,5_2
"/s/ Charles Duke JSC, Astronaut, Apollo 16, 10 years",,0_0
"and he barely said a thankyou. It seems they are now going for Tom Crowley, Lonnie",,0_0
CO2 is not a Greenhouse Gas that Raises Global temperature. Period!,,2_3
"all start by equating the output flux with the input flux. Of course this has all the problems of violating real physics by assuming that the Earth is flat and that the Sun is farther away than it actually is, etc. etc., as has been discussed here extensively, and so an additional major catastrophe for these models is that, if you just stop to think about what theyre saying about the solar input, their solar input cant melt ice or evaporate water or create the water cycle, or warm anything up at all , by itself. That is because these models do not conserve physics, even if they might numerically conserve flux. This is the difference between math and physics, and understanding this is the difference between being a physicist, and not. Many of these people who are thinking of themselves as physicists, are not, unfortunately.",,0_0
"Two British-born Pakistanis were among eight gunmen seized by Indian commandos who stormed buildings to free hostages, Vilasrao Deshmukh, the chief minister of Mumbai, reportedly said.",,0_0
"When the best the warmists can come up with is an appeal to authority, their case is lost for good. That's why, just a few days earlier, climate realists gathered in triumph on this side of the pondat a Heartland Institute climate-change conference in Chicago. Eminent scientists presented a wealth of evidence suggesting nature is, in fact, a much more powerful factor affecting the climate than man. That realism suggests the need for moderation when it comes to political action based on climate data.",,2_1
"Note: You may be thinking that there might actually be a physical explanation for the monstrously excessive response of the HADMAT2-ERSST.v4 difference to the solar cycle data. Keep in mind, though, that the response to volcanic aerosols is solar relatedinasmuch as the volcanic aerosols limit the amount of solar radiation reaching the surface of the oceans. You can argue all you want about whatever it is you want to argue about, but unless you can support those claims with data-based analysis or studies, all youre providing is conjecture. We get enough model-based conjecture from the climate science communitywe dont need any more.",,5_1
"Despite the Hype, NAS Report Confirms Uncertainties in Global Warming Science",,5_1
"Eric Reid, who manages a fish processing plant in Rhode Island, told the Post there would be localized economic damage,"" hitting Atlantic fishing towns.""",,0_0
They ignore hundreds of thousands of weather balloon results that show the climate models overestimate future warming by at least 300%.,,5_1
"We report on a sediment record from a small lake within the subarctic wetland complex Stordalen in northernmost Sweden covering the last 1000 years. Variations in the content of minerogenic material are found to follow reconstructed variations in the activity of the Sun between the 13th and 18th centuries. Periods of low solar activity are associated with minima in minerogenic material and vice versa. A comparison between the sunspot cycle and a long instrumental series of summer precipitation further reveals a link between the 11 yr solar cycle and summer precipitation variability since around 1960. Solar minima are in this period associated with minima in summer precipitation, whereas the amount of summer precipitation increases during periods with higher solar activity. Our results suggest that the climate responds to both the 11 yr solar cycle and to long-term changes in solar activity and in particular solar minima, causing dry conditions with resulting decreased runoff.",,2_1
"It is sheer hubris for humans, even the supposedly smart ones, to believe they can predict the future with any accuracy.",,0_0
"This sentiment did not trickle down to the EPA, which is less concerned with feeding the world than feeding the ethanol lobby and buying Farm Belt electoral votes. The EPA will now rule on the hunger issue post-election.",,0_0
"In a recent article, Dr. Craig Idso, the founder and former president of the Center for the Study of Carbon Dioxide and Global Change, a coeditor of the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change, and James M. Taylor, a senior fellow of The Heartland Institute and the managing editor of Environmental & Climate News, a monthly publication, examined how Global Warming Alarmism Denies Sound Science.""",,5_2
But I haven't told you that they generally do so to different extents. The ratio of the two Higgs doublets' vacuum expectation values,,0_0
NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies (NASA-GISS) : +0.3 F/decade.,,0_0
Excerpt from Shaviv: ???We find that at least 66% of the variance in the paleotemperature trend could be attributed to CRF variations likely due to solar system passages through the spiral arms of the galaxy.??,,2_1
We dont really know how clouds are formed. Water vapour impacts the climate more than any other gas.,,2_3
"The irony of this episode is that it was not the scandalous cover-up the media portrayed it as; it was a tragedy of lost opportunity. Faced with a rich occasion to develop an honest dialogue about the complexities of the science and challenging economics of climate change, the White House chose silence. This administration, already subject to frequent partisan (and even some bipartisan) criticism on every aspect of its climate change policies, needs to articulate as clearly and as frequently as possible its understanding of this issuewhat we know, what we do not know, where the latest research is taking us, and how the president sees the issue.",,0_0
"Earth is currently experiencing rapid warming, which the vast majority of climate scientists says is due to humans pumping huge amounts of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.",,0_0
House structure in place beginning right after the election. Most important is,,0_0
It also became apparent that there was always a local ?reason? for the,,0_0
"A 2007 University of Michigan study claimed organic farming could produce all the food the world will need, by getting nitrogen from green manure crops. Unfortunately the study overestimated the nitrogen such green manure crops could contribute by at least three-fold. Across the developing world, crop plants remain starved for nitrogen, and Africa is headed for a truly massive Dust Bowl famine.",,0_0
"It made perfect sense. The Czech industry was screwed after 42 years of communism. Cheap labor has been the main comparative advantage that the Czechs had and the wages are still substantially lower than those in Germany. But can this paradigm of a cheaper sister"" work permanently? The evidence that VW simply shouldn't treat koda in this way is accumulating at a quick rate.""",,0_0
"Schwarzenegger wants to achieve by 2020 more than twice the percentage reduction in GHGs that EIA evaluated for 2025. Marginal costs increase with each increment of GHG reduction. California also has relatively low per-capita GHG emissions compared to the national average, due largely to a mild climate and virtually no use of coal for electricity. As a result, the state's unit GHG reduction costs will likely be greater than the national average. Thus, even getting the state's GHG emissions down to 1990 levels is likely to cost at least several billion dollars per year, or several hundred dollars per year for each California household. Achieving the Governor's 2050 goal is simply a pipe dream (or nightmare, as the case may be). While reducing GHG emissions to 1990s levels would impose hardship, attempting to reduce GHGs 80 percent below 1990 levels would amount to destroying California in order to purport to save it.",,4_1
"Funding wind energy with subsidies does not give us energy independence. There are several technical reasons for this. For instance, consider the fact that in every wind turbine there is something like 4000 pounds of rare earth elements. China produces 95% percent of these rare earth elements, so the more turbines we buy, the more dependent we are on the China. That is not energy independence. Furthermore, the extreme reliance on rare earth elements is not considered sustainable either (which is another green mantra).",,4_4
Can anyone possibly believe that emission reductions of 80 percent are anything other than a fantasy?,,0_0
"Among the companies that have received Teri corporate awards is Hero Honda, a joint venture between the Japanese car company and an Indian firm that manufactures millions of motorbikes every year.",,0_0
"An economist should look at the costs and benefits. In terms of Climate Change there are two sets of costs. First, those of climate change impacts and second, the costs of the policy to contain the global warming. The Stern Review put argument that the mitigation policy costs were 5 to 20 times less than letting climate change progress unchecked. Therefore there is a clear-cut case for global mitigation policy. But crucially Stern does not look at the consequences of ineffective and over-expensive policy. The Booker article For every new green job, nearly four are lost looks at one aspect of these real policy costs. An economist would also claim that the Greens fail to look at the opportunity costs, claim that the new jobs are a benefit.",,4_1
"It is hard to see how demand can be reliably met without having a huge amount of gas capacity paid to be on standby, nearly twice as much as the current capacity.",,0_0
It seems that whenever government expands either its powers or its,,0_0
Thousands of climate scientists in a variety of discrete disciplines have been exploring the issue for decades. They have reached a consensual conclusion whose existence is easily demonstrated.,,0_0
"Of this latter warming, they say that it concurs with distinct continental-scale warming, consistently reaching unprecedented maximum temperatures after ~1990 AD."" Their use of the word ""unprecedented,"" however, is a bit misleading; for they subsequently state that ""the SST increase over the last three decades does not, or not 'yet', appear unusual compared to the entire 0-2.4 ka record,"" and that ""the warming trend over the second half of the 20th century has not yet reverted the late Holocene millennial-scale cooling."" In fact, their data clearly indicate that the peak temperature of the Medieval Warm Period was approximately 2.2C greater than the peak temperature of the late 20th century, and that the peak temperature of the Roman Warm Period was about 2.7C greater than that of the late 20th century.""",,2_1
"This new edition of Human Impacts on Weather and Climate examines the scientific and political debates surrounding anthropogenic impacts on the Earths climate and presents the most recent theories, data and modeling studies. The book discusses the concepts behind deliberate human attempts to modify the weather through cloud seeding, as well as inadvertent modification of weather and climate on the regional scale. The natural variability of weather and climate greatly complicates our ability to determine a clear cause-and-effect relationship to human activity. The authors describe the basic theories and critique them in simple and accessible terms. This fully revised edition will be a valuable resource for undergraduate and graduate courses in atmospheric and environmental science, and will also appeal to policy makers and general readers interested in how humans are affecting the global climate.",,0_0
"In the 25 years since the first Earth Day in 1970, the environmental movement has spawned a new generation of scientists asking vital questions about the true state and fate of the planet. But, surprisingly, some of their answers--and even the questions themselves--contradict the movement's deepest beliefs. Why are the reserves of oil, precious metals, and other natural resources more plentiful than ever before? Why has the population growth of the twentieth century brought rising standards of living for nearly all? In The True State of the Planet ten premier scholars shatter the myths of overpopulation, food, global warming, and pesticides, while redirecting environmentalists' concerns to the far more urgent problems of fisheries, fresh water, and third-world pollution--and the political causes behind them.",,0_0
"Bless Diane Francis and whatever God granted her the ovaries lacking in the rest of Canadian media. Even our local radio talk hosts cut callers off when they try to bring his name into the debate, citing conspiracy theories"". They must not read the Wall Street Journal.""",,0_0
"After a recent victory in a FOIA lawsuit, Horner and CEI v. GMU, a Richmond court allowed the Competitive Enterprise Institute to release records on Friday that showed George Mason University's Ed Maibach and Jagadish Shukla, both taxpayer-funded instructors, organized a campaign calling for prosecution of those who disagree with their views on climate policy.",,0_0
"Williams Lakeis a city in the Central Interior of British Columbia, Canada, says Wikipedia. It is the largest urban center between Kamloops and Prince George,",,0_0
"By Sonal Patel, Power Mag, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
Figure 3. HadCRUT4 GLB (black) versus CMIP5 ensemble average (red). Note the lengthy hiatus from the 1940s to 1980. Also note the divergence between models and observations in the 21st century.,,5_1
"To produce that biofuel, we're also using massive quantities of pesticides, fertilizers, fossil fuels and water. The U.S. Department of Energy calculates that fracking requires 0.6 to 6.0 gallons of fresh or brackish water per million Btu of energy produced. By comparison, corn-based ethanol requires 2,500 to 29,000 gallons of fresh water per million Btu of energy and biodiesel from soybeans consumes an astounding and unsustainable 14,000 to 75,000 gallons of water per million Btu!",,0_0
"Northrops presentation promised funding from the Rockefeller Brothers Fund and the William & Flora Hewlett Foundation in the amount of $7 million per year. Named in the presentation were 12 participating environmental pressure groups, including theNatural Resources Defense Council, Greenpeace, the World Wildlife Fund and the Sierra Club.",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | The Wagin Argus,,0_0
And with a low-end temperature rise comes along low-end impacts. Seemingly good news for all!,,3_1
What do you do if you are a global warming alarmist and real-world temperatures do not warm as much as your climate model predicted?,,5_1
"He writes, t is quite wrong to say that our NAS study endorsed the credibility of the IPCC assessment report. We were asked to evaluate the IPCC ""Summary for Policymakers"" (SPM), the only part of the IPCC reports that is ever read or quoted by the media and politicians. The SPM, which is seen as endorsing Kyoto, is commonly presented as the consensus of thousands of the world's foremost climate scientists. In fact, it is no such thing. Largely for that reason, the NAS panel concluded that the SPM does not provide suitable guidance for the U.S. government.""",,5_1
"Commentators tried to blame Western policies for contributing to Niger's famine. David Loyn of the BBC even cited man-made climate change as a contributor: Climate change has made Niger a more precarious place to live,' he wrote.""",,0_0
"Obviously there are no events listed since 1999, but it gives a bit of historical perspective to weather disasters in the 20thC.",,0_0
"The consistent positive relationships between temperature and ring width chronologies are a very different pattern than we observed with the Dulan junipers. There are a couple of possibilities: this site is a magic thermometer; the correlation, while seemingly significant, is nonetheless ???spurious?? ??? a topic discussed on many occasions on this blog, the type example being the ???99% significant?? correlation between alcoholism and Church of England marriages reported by Yule in the 1920s. Or maybe there??s something about the location of the site that makes it a better but non-magic thermometer. Regardless, the positive correlations at site HBL don??t alter the results of Zhang et al 2003, which are the ones that apply to the south-facing Dulan junipers used in Yang et al 2002.",,5_1
"U.S. carbon-dioxide emissions are falling largely because of a huge drop in coal consumption, which was down a whopping 11.9 percent in 2012. Domestic coal use is plummeting for several reasons. Among them are increasing regulatory burdens, on everything from coal mining to coal-ash management, and the Obama administration's threat of new regulations specifically on carbon-dioxide emissions. (Slow economic growth has also been a factor.)",,0_0
"As he was speaking, a revolution was brewing under his feet. New methods of producing gas from unconventional resources???tight gas, coalbed methane (cbm) and shale gas???had greatly expanded the universe of gas resources available throughout the world.",,4_5
"Global warming theory proponents have ,resorted to the politics of fear to drive their point home. They argue that man-made greenhouse gases are already causing the world's glaciers to melt, causing sea levels to rise and threatening humanity with a multitude of economic and environmental calamities. A recent Smithsonian Institution exhibit on climate change, for instance, included a depiction of the Washington Monument partially submerged in the Atlantic Ocean, leaving visitors with the distinct impression that we must reduce greenhouse gas emissions now if we want our descendants to be able to visit the famous monument. But such scenarios belong in the realm of science fiction, not science fact.",,5_2
"Rogers, B.M., Randerson, J.T. and Bonan, G.B. 2013. High-latitude cooling associated with landscape changes from North American boreal forest fires. Biogeosciences 10: 699-718.",,0_0
"CEI Expert Available to Comment: Senior Fellow Marlo Lewis, Jr. on the flawed assumptions behind Gore's views on climate change.",,0_0
"The aim of the Australasian Antarctic Expedition, led by Chris Turney of the University of NSW, was to prove the East Antarctic ice sheet is melting. Its website spoke alarmingly of an increasing body of evidence showing melting and collapse from ocean warming . Instead, rescue ships and a helicopter, all belching substantial carbon emissions, have had to be mobilised to pluck those aboard the icebreaker MV Akademik Schokalskiy from their plight, stuck in what appears to be, ironically, record amounts of ice for this time of year.",,1_1
"Giving up on growth also means surrendering to problems that could be solved. For instance, the demographic problem"" populations aging in the Westmay be solved with strong economic growth. A more productive society, where each employed person produces more, can afford to maintain a larger number of dependents.""",,0_0
"Obama proposes that Washington cover large medical bills, leaving taxpayers on the hook for the most expensive care. He offers a plan that wouldn t fundamentally alter the underlying economics of the health-care system. Costs are likely to keep rising under this proposal, albeit with a heavier taxing of the treasury, pushing the U.S. towards a Europeanization of health care.",,0_0
"According to Metcalfe, Companies, individuals, and governments can sponsor this offset by making donations to a dedicated trust fund and, in so doing on this world stage, make one of the most important commitments in modern history to a sustainable future. There is a web site where delegates can calculate how much CO2 their trip will generate and offset it. Ten dollars will offset one metric tonne of CO2 emitted by the summit"" (Electricity Daily, August 20, 2002). The summit begins in Johannesburg on August 26 and ends on September 4.""",,0_0
"While all the press is about the observed declines in Arctic sea ice extent in recent decades, little attention at all is paid to the fact that the sea ice extent in the Antarctic has been on the increase. No doubt the dearth of press coverage stems from the IPCC treatment of this topic.",,1_1
"Several of theamendmentsin the Bill of Rights, notably the second and the tenth, are no longer treated by many folks as real."" Just old TJ kidding around.""",,0_0
The IPCC's first report on predicted surface temperatures was off by 500%. It's fifth report was off by 300% when compared to real-world data.,,5_1
Cosmic Ray Flux and Neutron monitors suggest we may not have hit solar minimum yet,,0_0
Drought Drives Decade-Long Decline in Plant Growth,,0_0
"This is very important because of the oft-repeated AGW claim that surface temperature is a linear function of forcing, and that when forcing increases (say from CO2) the temperature also has to increase. The ocean proves that this is not true. There is a hard limit on ocean temperature that just doesn??t get exceeded no matter how much the sun shines.",,5_1
"The UNs Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recently released its first major global warming manifesto since 2007. Once again, the IPCC makes dramatic predictions of future warming and catastrophic consequences due to manmade carbon dioxide emissions. Typically, these predictions are reported as proven findings that have the same status as the readings of a thermometer.",,5_2
"Over at BNA Energy and Environment Blog, Dean Scott has an interview with Sen. Ed Markey (D-MA). At one point, the discussion turned to a 2009 cap-and-trade bill co-authored by then-Rep. Markey and the formidable Rep. Henry Waxman. According to Scott:",,0_0
"NOAA will reporting something very different, because they subtract up to 1.7 degrees from older temperatures. Essentially all reported US warming is due to a hockey stick of temperature adjustments, which makes the past appear to be much colder than what the thermometers measured at the time. (They of course do not mention this in their press releases.)",,5_1
Thousands Still Cold And Struggling Months After Superstorm Sandy,,0_0
"(g) The billboard, which cost $200, generated more than $5 million in earned media so far, and that figure doesnt include television, radio, and tens of millions of page visits and online commentaries. Was the MSM coverage overwhelmingly negative? Of course. How could it be otherwise? There has been no positive coverage of skeptics since Fakegate broke, none at all, and reporters have made it clear that they will not report the debate fairly, so there is no longer any point in trying to appeal to their ethics or honesty. Thanks to the billboard, 37 million Americans now know that the debate over climate change continues.",,0_0
"The case of David Henderson and Ian Castles is a good example. Henderson, the former chief economist of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, and Castles, the former head of the Australian Statistical Bureau, noticed two years ago a serious methodological anomaly in the IPCC's 100-year greenhouse-gas emission forecasts that are the primary input to computer climate models. Henderson and Castles made a compelling argument that the forecasts were unrealistically high. Everyone recalls the first day of computer-science class: garbage in, garbage out. If future greenhouse-gas emissions are badly overestimated, then even a perfect computer model will spit out a false temperature prediction. Since Henderson and Castles's initial critique, the IPCC's forecasts have been subject to withering criticisms from dozens of other reputable economists, including a number of climate alarmists who, to their credit, argue that this crucial question should be gotten right.",,5_1
"SMHI also issued a class 1 warning ??? meaning weather conditions that can involve some risks and disruptions ??? for Halland and Blekinge counties, two other southern regions where snowfall, windy weather and between five and 15 centimetres of snow were expected on Sunday.",,1_3
"For the latest example of governmental bait-and-switch, look no further than your ashtray. Attorneys general from 46 states sold the public on the 1998 Master Settlement Agreement"" as a way to collect ""damages"" from the major tobacco companies and spend these sums to rescue teenagers from nicotine addiction.""",,0_0
"In conclusion, all five GSTA datasets analyzed here show an average GSTA over the past 35 years of between 0.01C to 0.42C above their respective baseline period temperature, depending data set (1). The land-based data sets report in all most all cases monthly GSTA that are higher than the satellite based GSTAs (1). In addition, the land-based monthly GSTAs analyzed here (GISS, NCDC, HadCRUT4) are increasingly positively diverging from the two satellite-based GSTAs used (RSS, UAH) over time, whereas the two-satellite-based data sets are increasingly negatively diverging from each other. These trends, and especially the opposing trend with RSS, warrant more in-depth analyses, continued scrutiny and attention.",,0_0
"In the Great Depression, President Herbert Hoover raised marginal tax rates to 63%, and went on a deficit spending binge. Similarly, Obama has proposed higher marginal tax rates, which will produce another $1.9 trillion in tax increases.",,0_0
"Fact : such teleportation means the transfer of quantum states between ion A and ion B, so that at the end of the transfer B becomes for all intents and purposes identical to what A was at the beginning of the transfer.",,0_0
But neither the dissertation or the magazine article cited as sources for this information were ever subject to the rigorous scientific review process that research published in scientific journals must undergo.,,0_0
"Using a touch of humor and a three-card monte theme, Morano likens the crisis marketing to a sleight of hand; a Climate Hustle. He says: when the people pushing you to get into the game, the ones predicting a calamitous future due to global warming, don't show their cards, it is a hustle."" The film shows the cards so the viewers can decide if ""they are playing it straight or if you are being hustled.""",,0_0
"P. Gosselin, Cooling polestop 3 coldest Arctic summers will have all occurred in the past 5 years, notrickszone.com, July 28, 2013",,0_0
"Agreement signed at Kingston September 21, 2004; entered into force September 21, 2004. With attachments.",,0_0
"Australia is not caught up in this rare phenomenon, as the southern hemisphere has a separate jet stream based around the south pole, Mr Fisher said.",,0_0
"Prevent excessively broad environmental review of coal export terminals. As the EPA makes it harder to use coal as a source of energy for electricity in the United States, there are opportunities to export coal to other nations. Removing excessive environmental reviews can help promote coal exports that will help keep coal jobs in the United States.",,4_1
"Turnabout is fair play, and just as the Clinton Administrationpunted theICTA petition to Bush, so the Bush Administrationpunted EPAs Mass v. EPA response to Obama. But whereas Clintons EPA simply ducked the ICTA petition, Bushs EPA in July 2008 published an Advanced Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (ANPR)exploringnumerous options and issuesconnected with potentialGHG regulation under the CAA.",,0_0
"Conventional wisdom holds that plants should thrive when temperatures warm and the growing season lengthens under a changing climate. A 2003 study showed that plant growth indeed increased as temperatures warmed between 1982 and 1999. But when researchers at the University of Montana updated the study for the last decade, 20002009, they discovered that even though the decade was the warmest since instrumental recordkeeping began, plant growth slowed.",,0_0
"Bob Ferguson, president of SPPI, told me, The whole mission of CO2 control has been touted as staving off catastrophe, but we haven't paid enough attention to ""What catastrophe?' "" The Futility Report connects those dots: The first CO2 catastrophe is rapid temperature rise, or global warming, and the second is the dreaded melting of the polar ice caps with sea level rise inundating world coastlines.""",,0_0
We can be better prepared for drought and wildfires by improving forest management as this column previously suggested in the aftermath of the deadly California wildfires of 2003.,,0_0
"Why should you be interested? As noted in the post, the sea surface temperature records indicate El Nio and La Nia events are responsible for the warming of global sea surface temperature anomalies over the past 30 years, not manmade greenhouse gases. Ive searched sea surface temperature records for more than 4 years, and Ive searched ocean heat content records for more than 3 years, and I can find no evidence of an anthropogenic greenhouse gas signal. That is, the data indicates the warming of the global oceans has been caused by Mother Nature, not anthropogenic greenhouse gases.",,2_1
"42 How can you say to your brother, `Brother, let me take the speck out of your eye, when you yourself fail to see the plank in your own eye? You hypocrite, first take the plank out of your eye, and then you will see clearly to remove the speck from your brothers.",,0_0
"Mike Hulme July 25, 2013 at 4:00 pm",,0_0
"Hundreds of articles this week in the press about the melting Arctic, where sea ice has melted from 9.5 million km^2 up to 10.5 million km^2 since the start of the year.",,1_1
"In Figure 2 of the blog article , CRU had displayed two chronology variations, falsely asserting that I had heavily promoted these versions as follows:",,0_0
"Chris Turney, the leader of the expedition, is a professor of climate change at the University of New South Wales, says CFact. He rounded up a few dozen pals, chartered a Russian ship, and set off on a taxpayer funded junket to Antarctica.",,0_0
"There was also loss of livestock and similar levels of snowfall, Bunkers said.",,0_0
"Darwin, say what? How could Charles Darwin, whose On the Origin of Species was published in 1859, and who died in 1882, have anything to do with the 1929 science of the Big Bang Theory? Well, in 1925 a high school science teacher, John Scopes was tried by the State of Tennessee for violation of the states, Butler Act. Yes, John had dared to teach evolution to his students. He was acquitted in a nationally publicized trial.",,0_0
"The environment is challenging, with resources trapped deep in shale rock. But technological breakthroughs coupled with a feverish quest for the next major find are unlocking the door to oil and natural gas riches here and in several other countries in the Americas not traditionally known as energy producers.",,4_5
"My name is David Kreutzer. I am Research Fellow in Energy Economics and Climate Change at The Heritage Foundation. The views I express in this testimony are my own, and should not be construed as representing any official position of The Heritage Foundation.",,0_0
What are the odds of a three foot wave hitting an island in the middle of the Pacific? A million to one maybe? This never used to happen before *you* started generating CO2.,,0_0
"So how do we know that the US used to be hotter? Over the past century, the percentage of maximum temperature readings over 100 degrees has dropped precipitously.",,2_1
"Despite having a Democrat-controlled Congress in his first two years, President Obama failed to push through cap-and-trade legislation that would have adopted a goal of reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions to 83 percent below 2005 levels by the year 2050. The reason for this failure was clear: The proposed law would greatly harm the U.S. economy and undermine job growth. Indeed, The Heritage Foundation's Center for Data Analysis estimated that the cap-and-trade bill proposed by Senators Barbara Boxer (DCA) and newly nominated Secretary of State John Kerry (DMA) would have resulted in income losses of nearly $10 trillion and over 2.5 million lost jobs.",,4_1
"How strong will this reversal be? I predict that Republicans will gain between 55 and 72 seats in the House; my best estimate is 64. That will give the GOP 243 seats, its highest total since the election of 1946 and the second highest since the Great Depression. No living Democrat has served in a House of Representatives with as few Democrats as will inhabit that body come January.",,0_0
"After all these years, IPCC still doesnt get itweve been thawing out from the Little Ice Age for several hundred years but still are not yet back to pre-Little Ice Age temperatures that prevailed for 90% of the past 10,000 years. Warming and cooling has been going on for millions of years, long before CO 2 could have had anything to do with it, so warming in itself certainly doesnt prove that it was caused by CO 2 .",,2_1
AGW True Believers Debunk NOAA's Pause-denying Research,,0_0
"According to Nature, (. . . as Japan seeks to bridge split on emissions policy,"" June 12, 1997) Japan's Ministry of International Trade and Industry (MITI) and their Environmental Agency cannot agree on reduction methods and targets to be negotiated in their own country in December. For now, a compromise consists of a flat-rate emissions reduction for developed countries and a per capita-based emission ceiling for developing countries, allowing total emissions to increase while decreasing per capita emissions.""",,0_0
"The Palm Sunday tornado outbreak on April 11, 1965 involved 47 tornadoes (15 significant, 17 violent, 21 killers) hitting the Midwest. It was the second biggest outbreak on record. In the Midwest, 271 people were killed and 1,500 injured (1,200 in Indiana). It was the deadliest tornado outbreak in Indiana history with 137 people killed. The outbreak also made that week the second most active week in history with 51 significant and 21 violent tornadoes. The tornado which hit Midway trailer park is disputed to be an F5, as 25 homes were literally and figuratively wiped off the face of the earth, with no signs of them ever found.",,0_0
"The Briffa 2000 reconstruction, as shown below, has a highish MWP, whichis just a titch less than the modern values. The medieval values (averaged) are just a titch lower than 20th century and some years look as high.",,2_1
"Abraham then trots out various papers he found in his Google Scholar search, one of which says that the world is warming because of human activities: but that was not the point made in my slide. My point was that not a single one of the 539 papers searched by Schulte had provided evidence for catastrophe.",,0_0
"Were just hardworking scientists doing their best to address the impossible expectations of the policy makers? Well, many of them were. However, at the heart of the IPCC is a cadre of scientists whose careers have been made by the IPCC. These scientists have used the IPCC to jump the normal meritocracy process by which scientists achieve influence over the politics of science and policy. Not only has this brought some relatively unknown, inexperienced and possibly dubious people into positions of influence, but these people become vested in protecting the IPCC, which has become central to their own career and legitimizes playing power politics with their expertise.",,5_2
"Once corals die, they turn white"" and have a bleached appearance. But other studies have shown corals are more resilient then previously estimated. One 13-year study of coral reefs showed ""them spontaneously recovering,"" refuting the ""often doomsday forecasts about the worldwide decline of the colorful marine habitat."" Tom Frazer, professor of aquatic ecology at the University of Florida and part of the research team, told Reuters, ""People have said these systems don't have a chance. What we are saying is: 'Hey, this is evidence they do have a chance.'""",,3_2
"The NOAA chief said climate change is already raising sea levels, lengthening growing seasons, prompting earlier spring snowmeltsand shifts in river flows, causing more intense drought and increasing the incidence of extreme weather.",,0_0
What is the origin of the false beliefconstantly repeatedthat almost all scientists agree about global warming?,,5_1
"By Thomas Pyle, WSJ, Aug 9, 2015",,0_0
"The number of real experts who can independently judge whether the UAH MSU correction made things more accurate is very low. I am not one of them. My sociological criteria tell me that it's more likely that the correction should have been made. But of course, I don't care. Whether a mid-troposphere warming trend should be 50% higher or lower is a technicality. I didn't have any belief and I couldn't have any belief a priori; and I don't really care about the outcome, either.",,0_0
"How delusional is the OIC today? So delusional that, at its May 2007 summit, the 56 foreign ministers agreed that the greatest form of terrorism"" in the world today is Islamophobia! The same OIC is the main force behind the election of Iran as vice-chairman of the Disarmament Commission, the presence of representatives of the worst dictatorship on the planet in the UN Human Rights Committee, not to mention the attempt, following the Danish cartoon affair, to make the UN recognize ""blasphemy"" as a crime.""",,0_0
"El Nio years typically result in fewer hurricanes forming in the Atlantic Ocean. But a new study suggests that the form of El Nio may be changing potentially causing not only a greater number of hurricanes than in average years, but also a greater chance of hurricanes making landfall, according to climatologists at the Georgia Institute of Technology. The study appears in the July 3, 2009, edition of the journal Science.",,0_0
"10. Overall the Antarctic ice sheet has grown in size for the last 35 years, except in a few selective areas which are related to geologically induced geothermal heating. An overwhelming number of these selective glacial melting areas are associated with the West Antarctic Rift System.",,1_1
"the screeching at RC in response to my Hantemirov post occurred in comments (see page 4 on) to their Yamal post of May 11, which chronologically was screeching in fury at my post of May 6 about regional reconstructions.",,0_0
"During the mid-20 th Century flat temperature period, Figure 4, the models do reasonably good job between the latitudes of 60S-60N, but fail to capture the observed warming of the Southern Ocean and the polar-amplified cooling over the Arctic.",,5_1
"The warming effect of 4,500 ppm was pretty small, too. The total warming is approximately proportional to the logarithm of the relative concentration increase. You know, the warming doesn't start to accelerate when the concentrations grow (an obvious myth that some people want to be promoted among the gullible laymen): quite on the contrary, the warming effect of one CO2 molecule slows down as the concentration increases.",,2_3
"Moments before he was to stand trial for bilking The Meadows Racetrack and Casino out of nearly a half-million dollars in fraudulent jackpots, a Swissvale man was arrested Monday by federal authorities, who say he actually may have stolen as much as $1.4 million from casinos in the U.S. and abroad.",,0_0
"Manns reply to this (his review"") depends on Mann et al 2005 (J Clim 2005 available at his website) and Mann et al 2006 unpublished. (Isnt amazing how often the Teams supposed refutation of a point is in the still unpublished article?)""",,0_0
"Now, what I do not fully understand is why the IPCC claims that the ocean heat content increases indeed ARE consistent with the climate models, despite the relatively high sensitivity of all of the IPCC models. While some might claim that it is because warming is actually occurring much deeper in the ocean than 700 m, the vertical profiles I have seen suggest warming decreases rapidly with depth, and has been negligible at a depth of 700 m.",,0_0
"By the time most 'significant in the history of the Kingdom, after the execution of King Charles I arrive rule dellaristocratico Oliver Cromwell, not a popular leader and even a homo novus. More recently, the blame could be said to have been diBonaparte and his failed attempt to cross the English Channel. Nothing Napoleon, the French Revolution and then nothing, nothing aside dellAncien regime and officially citizens who are not citizens"", but ""subject to the Crown,"" that 'subjects, which is required to promptly and follow to the letter the instructions of the Government.""",,0_0
Platinum Anniversary Of Clinton Solving Global Warming,,0_0
"3 And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape the judgment of God?",,0_0
"The US government continues to keep prohibition of online gambling in place in the country, meanwhile, other countries have moved towards regulating the billion dollar industry. Now, as the prohibition continues, ChiliGaming is about to show once again just how ridiculous the current US laws are.",,0_0
"(This essay will form, when re-written more intelligently, part of Chapter 15, the final Chapter, of my book. Which is coming.soon? The material below is not easy nor brief, folks. But it is very important.)",,0_0
"Yet while the world has been embracing the atomic bomb, the U.S. nuclear mission degraded. Only the U.S. and UK, among all declared nuclear powers, are not currently modernizing either their weapons inventory or delivery systems. Contrary to President Obama's dream of a global zero"" future without nuclear weapons, proliferation of the world's most dangerous weapons is increasing. The Pentagon must revitalize its strategic forces or face the dangers becoming increasingly unable to respond to a more unstable world of nuclear powers.""",,0_0
"From legal scholar Henry G. Manne, one of the founders of the field of law and economics. Communism's show trials and gulags are well known, but Communism has an equally insidious impact on how ordinary people live and work. Prof. Manne's formulation may be the single most concise summary of Communism's devastating impact on human incentives.",,0_0
"Climate change not the cause of Caribbean coral reef die off. From the NoTricksZone , a report by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature says that the main driver for coral reef die of is the loss of the two main grazers: parrot fish and sea urchins. An unidentified disease in 1983 caused a mass die off of sea urchins and 20th century over fishing has brought the parrot fish to near extinction in some areas.",,3_2
"In February 2016, U.S. District Judge Amit Mehta ruled that OSTP must produce these records, since the emails did not involve privileged agency policymaking, and the drafts of OSTP's rejection letter had lost their privileged status by being shared with a non-agency employee. OSTP had claimed the professor it was shared with was a neutral consultant, and thus, functionally an agency employee. But the judge ruled that the professor, who is the principal exponent of the idea that global warming is causing more winter cold, was an interested party, not a neutral consultant. Thus, none of the records were privileged under FOIA's Exemption 5 deliberative process privilege.",,0_0
"As briefly mentioned earlier, the National Research Council last year produced a report on a similar subject Hidden Costs of Energy: Unpriced Consequences of Energy Production and Use which included a more thorough examination of the literature and factors that give rise to the huge range of uncertainty in determining the three items listed above.",,0_0
"The full paper, Does the Agulhas Current amplify global temperatures during super-interglacials?, appears in the latest edition of the Journal of Quarternary Science . It can be viewed here: http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/jqs.1423/abstract",,0_0
Pursuit of Climate Truth Comes at High Cost,,0_0
"Skepticism about the motivations and actions of those in government is healthy. But for criticism to be credible, it should be consistent, even if not wholly apolitical. It is instructive, therefore, to ask: During the Clinton-Gore years of egregious excesses and abuses, where were those who now accuse the Bush administration of politicizing science? Henry I. Miller, a fellow at the Hoover Institution, was the founding director of the Office of Biotechnology at the FDA from 1989 to1993. His latest book, The Frankenfood Myth: How Protest and Politics Threaten the Biotech Revolution,"" co-authored with Gregory Conko of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, will be published later this year.""",,0_0
"Truth n 16 The trace gases absorb the radiation from the surface and radiate at the temperature of the air, which is at some height, most of the time slightly lower that of the surface. The trace-gases cannot ??? heat the surface ???, according to the second principle of thermodynamics which prohibits heat transfer from a cooler body to a warmer body.",,2_3
dH/dt = f T/lamda (1),,0_0
"Glaciologist, Lonnie Thompson, also produced this temperature graph, using ice cores on the Quelccaya, which clearly show higher temperatures back in the MWP.",,2_1
"While Kyoto's failure may be news to the public, it's not to former vice president and global-warmer-in-chief Al Gore, who smugly admitted on Jan. 4 at a political gathering that included yours truly, Did we think Kyoto would work when we signed it ?... Hell no!""",,0_0
"The situation is actually even worse than what we have discussed so far. Probability models, the kind that spit out equation #3, are fit to the hard data at hand. The models that are chosen are usually picked because of habit and familiarity, but responsible practitioners also choose the models so that they fit the old data well. This is certainly a rational thing to do. The problem is that, since probability models are only designed to say something about future data, the old data does not always encompass everything that can happen and so we are limited in what we can say about the future. All we can say for certain is what has happened before might happen again. But its anybodys guess whether what hasnt happened before might happen in the future.",,0_0
"The only Kjorven goal that might work is #4: Reduce average animal protein intake among rich people by 20 percent."" I'm not sure eating somewhat less meat would hurt us rich people. But livestock eat huge amounts of stuff humans can't digestgrass from the huge natural grasslands, cottonseed hulls, citrus rinds, rice straw. Along with whatever high-yield corn escapes becoming ethanol. The ecological gains from Meatless Fridays are likely to be as ephemeral as the environmental gains we're supposedly getting from corn ethanol and Jimmy Carter's solar panels on the White House roof.""",,0_0
Peter Berkowitz tackles Bush Derangement Syndrome for the WSJ;,,0_0
"But there have been ups and downs. For example, there was cooling for several hundred years after the medieval warm period through to about 1900. Then there was warming until about 1945 followed by cooling through until 1975-76. The United Nations IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) predicted in 1990 that there would be continuous warming well into this century driven by rising levels of carbon dioxide. But in fact there has been cooling again over the last decade.",,1_4
"The ?premeditated? science is a major culprit for the climate-change concerns, according to Ball. But he also blames the media.",,0_0
Athens' ability to stay course in doubt:,,0_0
This diminution effect is probably the reason there was no runaway greenhouse warming caused by CO2 in earlier eons when CO2 levels were known to be at levels of several thousands ppm v . The following simplifying diagram shows the logarithmic diminution effect using tranches of 100ppm v up to 1000ppm v and the significance of differing CO2 concentrations on the biosphere:,,2_3
"3. Keep the record in front of you. Temperatures have plateaued, albeit at a high level, despite vast increases in emissions.",,1_4
L0500 0.9 L0600 0.8 H0034 6.2 H0121 6.2 H0204 6.2 H0244 6.1 H0321 6.0,,0_0
Business groups said the paperwork and costs involved in complying with the CRC scheme could put a significant new burden on companies already struggling in an uncertain economic climate. The Bank of England is expected to underline fears about the economy today with forecasts for faltering economic growth and persistent inflation.,,0_0
"Finally, most of these forms of fossil fuels occur in combination and can be converted into one another. Coal, for example, can be converted to a liquid fuel, or to a gas.",,0_0
"People registered to vote out of karaoke bars, lingerie stores, dance lounges, galleries, etc... The deadline for revising the list of Electors has now passed, and these irregular voters will remain on the list. In some cases, they have already voted in the advance polls and some of these irregular voters may have voted in previous elections, and may have had an impact on the results in the riding of Edmonton Centre.",,0_0
"And yet the EPA and White House regulatory agenda, regulatory onslaught and horse-blinder definition of health, welfare and justice ignore these realities and ensure that this unconscionable situation will only get worse. In fact, the only welfare EPA's rules will ensure is the expansion of our welfare rolls, unemployment lines and already record-setting food stamp programs.",,0_0
"A global map of surface air temperature anomalies in July 2011 vs. the mean of 1998-2006 shows at least 75% of regions were cooler or exhibited no change from the baseline. While the US July heat wave received extensive press attention and claims of links to greenhouse gases, a cooling anomaly of equal and opposite magnitude occurred in the western US and Canada, but received no press attention. Atmospheric CO2 is well-distributed throughout the atmosphere and could not account for the large regional differences.",,1_4
"For those wanting a closer look at the more recent wiggles and trends, the second graph starts in 1998, which was the start year used by von Storch et al (2013) Can climate models explain the recent stagnation in global warming? They, of course, found that the CMIP3 (IPCC AR4) and CMIP5 (IPCC AR5) models could NOT explain the recent slowdown in warming.",,1_4
"Hans Feichter, a climate modeller at the Max Planck Institute for Meteorology in Hamburg, speaks for the vast majority of his colleagues when he says the role of a geoscientist is to understand nature, not to change it.' Climate scientists have proved themselves happy to advocate massive changes aimed at shifting the climate. But they are massive changes in technology, in geopolitics, in social norms. . . . Not changes in the workings of the stratosphere. Not changes in the natural.""",,0_0
"Last winter they blamed all the cold and snow on missing Arctic ice. With Arctic ice extent now close to the highest in a decade, what lies will the experts fabricate for the cold weather in the coming winter?",,1_1
"ONE : Most of the angular momentum of the solar system is held by the giant outer planets, and their collective motions drive the Sun??s irregular orbit about the centre-of-mass of the system. Variable torque applied to the Sun (an inertial effect) is the principal driver of solar-magnetic outflow, and this modulates the incidence of cloud-inducing cosmic rays penetrating the heliosphere ??? and reaching Earth. Cosmogenic isotopes preserved in sediments, cave-deposits, and ice-cores, provide a proxy for the variable intensity of past cosmic bombardment. Solar magnetic activity has been stronger since the 1940s than for ten thousand years. The timing of changes in solar activity can be calculated from planetary motions; and this is the basis of: Theodor Landscheidt 2003, ???New Little Ice Age instead of global warming???, Energy & Environment v.14 no.2&3, pp.327-50.",,2_1
"Figure 6 shows the step in temperature in 1998 at the Larsen Ice Shelf. The trend in cooling after 1998 is 1.8C/decade, the second fastest cooling on the Peninsula. Butler Island is cooling faster, at 1.9C/decade. (Of course 18C/century cooling is meant as sarcasm, and is only a trick that warmists like to use.)",,1_1
"Another paper with a warm reception from the lukewarmers was published by Gillett et al. (in actuality, this paper was published during the first week of 2012, but was accepted for publication in late 2011, so I?ll go ahead and include it here). Gillett and colleagues used the character and evolution of the global average temperature from 1851 through 2010 to bend the output of a climate model to best fit reality (or at least reality as captured by the Hadley Centre/Climate Research Unit global average temperature compilation).",,0_0
"Humans keep adding large amounts of greenhouse gases to the atmosphere, among them carbon dioxide (CO2), the most important man-made greenhouse gas. Over the past 250 years, human activities such as fossil fuel burning have raised the atmospheric CO2 concentration by more than 40% over its preindustrial level of 280 ppm (parts per million). In May 2013, the CO2 concentration in Earths atmosphere surpassed a milestone of 400 ppm for the first time in human history, a level that many scientists consider dangerous territory in terms of its impact on Earths climate.",,2_3
"plotf1(Working=Model,info=Info,v0=santer$trend)",,0_0
"If thinking backward or forward a century seems a stretch for tech forecasting--it is a long time, although to repeat, this is the time-frame engaged by serious climate-related policy wonks--how about 50 years? Fewer years ago than even that, many of us of a certain boomer age were still using slide rules. A representative list of world and energy-changing inventions centered around 1960 would include the first video tape recorder, integrated circuit, laser, light emitting diode, the first communications satellite, and the ARPANET (mother of the Internet). Who forecast their impacts?",,0_0
"It is essential to understand that every one of the global warming"" predictions made in the 1980s and the decades since then has been WRONG. Every one of the computer models on which those predictions were based was WRONG.""",,5_1
"So Republicans would do well to listen to advice even from unlikely political quarters and from the far corners of the earth. Two articles in the past week warrant attention, even though they seem to propose opposite courses.",,0_0
1. Should climate scientists discuss scientific uncertainty in mainstream forums?,,0_0
"Bunce's final conclusion about the matter, which seems a grand understatement to us, is that these results suggest that caution should be used in interpreting soybean yield data obtained using systems in which EC is provided only in the daytime.""?? Indeed, they should raise a really red flag about all plants studied in this way, for results obtained by daylight-only CO 2 enrichment may greatly underestimate what will actually occur in a future CO 2 -enriched world, where elevated CO 2 concentrations will obviously be present both day and night. Reference""",,3_3
"/s/ Bernard J. Rosenbaum JSC, Chief Engineer, Propulsion and Power Division, Engr. Dir., 48 years",,0_0
"In fact, it is overwhelmingly clear in my work that I am arguing about the existence of an ADDITIONAL climate forcing which is related to solar/astronomical changes: a forcing that is not currently included in the climate models adopted by the IPCC. Essentially I am not talking only about a direct solar irradiance forcing, which is the only thing Kramm is thinking about.",,2_1
"Still, there's some rough justice in the conservatives' cheap shots. In Washington's blizzards, the greens were hoist by their own petard.",,0_0
"As reported by CNS News in January, The Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) has released the final two volumes of a five-volume safety report that concludes that Nevada's Yucca Mountain meets all of its technical and safety requirements for the disposal of highly radioactive nuclear waste."" Five volumes!""",,0_0
"Last week, scientists from the United States Commerce Departments National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said that a study of temperature readings for the contiguous 48 states over the last century showed there had been no significant change in average temperature over that period. Dr. (Phil) Jones said in a telephone interview today that his own results for the 48 states agreed with those findings.",,1_4
"To explain the added warming in the North Atlantic, I refer to the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, but I use the paleoclimatological reconstruction as a graphic instead of the normal detrended North Atlantic SST anomalies since the 1800s. More on this in a subsequent post.",,2_1
Bottom line: good weather on election day over virtually the entire country.,,0_0
Open Letter on Credits for 'Voluntary' Greenhouse Gas Reductions,,0_0
"China's rapid economic growth is helping underpin a fragile global recovery, but it is also increasingly at odds with safe levels of greenhouse gases.",,0_0
"Once the embodiment of Western ideals, the UN has turned into a lean, mean anti-West machine. Though European publics no longer have any illusion today about a Europe-puissance, they still retain a surprisingly boy-scoutish view of the UN, one that no longer corresponds to reality. European public opinion saw nothing wrong, for instance, in the recent establishment of an International Criminal Court that would give its prosecutor the power of a grand inquisitor, in part because they are not aware of the politicization of the UN (and of the potential use of the ICC as an anti-Western weapon), but also in part because, over the years, they have resigned themselves to the creeping judicial and technocratic imperialism pursued at home by the EU Court of Justice and the EU Commission.",,0_0
"To me this indicates that people who do not have the faculties to care for themselves as responsible adults are particularly attracted to Green promises. Green sympathizers probably can be classified in 3 primary categories: 1) people who want to nanny and boss everyone around, 2) people who want to be nannied and bossed around, and 3) the many gullible who actually believe the climate catastrophe scam.",,5_2
"Other models work from the bottom up, using a mechanism that centers around the equatorial Pacific Ocean. Solar energy added during the peak of a solar cycle causes more water to evaporate from the ocean's surface. Through a long chain of changes in atmospheric and oceanic circulation, this results in fewer clouds forming in the subtropics. Fewer clouds mean more solar energy reaches the ocean, resulting in a positive feedback loop that amplifies the Sun's climate impact.",,2_1
Data from the Energy Information Administration (EIA) show the United States reduced its carbon dioxide emissions by 12 percent between 2005 and 2015. Switching from coal to natural gas in the power sector was responsible for 68 percent of the total energy-related CO2 reductions during that period. Burning larger quantities of natural gas for electricity generation is the main reason the United States has reduced its CO2 emissions more than any other country in the world since 2005.,,0_0
"The Secret Science Reform Act (S. 544) and its House counterpart would require that the Environmental Protection Agency develop its regulations and the science behind them in the open , and allow experts and other interested parties to examine data, evidence and studies that supposedly support EPA standards and mandates that could cost billions of dollars and millions of jobs. This should not be controversial.",,0_0
"During the last interglacial, sea levels were 31 feet higher than the present, sea ice extent much less than the present, and Greenland was 8C warmer than the present , all with safe"" levels of CO2. There is no evidence the current interglacial is any different.""",,2_1
"The request for removal indicates that the M6 powder has been removed from its aluminum storage containers (one tube for each round fired) and placed in tote sacks and paper containers destroying lot integrity and identification. The propellent is now in 97 bunkers stored wall-to-wall and ceiling-to-ceiling. There is no place can handle 15 million pounds of powder and other explosives. It cant be reprocessed. And, oh yes, the Army says this powder is losing stability and needs to be done away with by August.",,0_0
"The vote represents a significant victory for student rights and for science. The scientific method demands consideration of all data, without regard for the impact this may have on a cherished theory. Open minds and free debate are essential to science and climate science is no exception.",,0_0
"Put it this way. Climate forecasts, of the type relied upon by the IPCCand over governmental entities, stink. They are no good. They have beenpromising ever increasing temperatures for decades, but the observationshave been more or less steady. This must meanit is inescapable that something is very badly wrong with thetheory behind the models. What?",,5_1
Hans von Storch anvnde hr term with only the occasional grumbling that I have freely Translated by tying nven in a trouser pocket. The whole point p English:,,0_0
"The deadliest cyclone in recorded history was Cyclone Bhola , which struck Bangladesh (then part of Pakistan) in 1970. Estimates for the number killed range from 200,000 to 1,000,000 people. Like Katrina, this storm was classified as a category 3 when it made landfall. But unlike Katrina it did not have minute by minute satellite tracking. What was its maximum wind speed while it was over the ocean? It was reported to be 185 mph the day it made landfall, but nobody knows for sure. Id like to show some large high resolution color pictures of the devastation and the suffering of the people, just like Al Gore did for Katrina, but there are few to be found. You can see several grainy low resolution black and white pictures here .",,1_7
"The two largest sources of fructose in the human diet are sucrose (containing 50% fructose and 50% glucose) and HFCS which is present in the human diet in two forms: HFCS-55 (which consists of 55% fructose, 42% glucose and 3% other carbohydrates) and HFCS-42 (which consists of 42% fructose and 58% glucose).",,0_0
"With increased national Doppler radar coverage, increasing population, and greater attention to tornado reporting, there has been an increase in the number of tornado reports over the past several decades . This can create a misleading appearance of an increasing trend in tornado frequency. To better understand the variability and trend in tornado frequency in the U.S., the total number EF1 and stronger, as well as strong to violent tornadoes (EF3 to EF5 category on the Enhanced Fujita scale) can be analyzed. These are the tornadoes that would have likely been reported even during the decades before Doppler radar use became widespread and practices resulted in increasing tornado reports.",,1_7
"First, congrats to many millions of people who can remain in this country, a status they should have always have had. We can argue whether anyone who makes his or her way over the border should be able to vote or draw benefits, but there is no doubt in my mind that they should be able to live anywhere they can pay the rent and work anywhere that there is an employer willing to pay them.",,0_0
What they say : Surface temperature reconstructions show multi-decadal intervals during the Medieval Climate Anomaly (950-1250) that were in some regions as warm as in the late 20th Century.,,2_1
"It affects Java 5, 6 and 7 while most of the previous problems with Java have effected its latest version 7.",,0_0
"The only consolation at the moment is that global temperatures have failed to rise for more than a decade now, and have turned sharply downward in the past 18 months.",,1_4
"The most obvious way for warming to be caused naturally is for small, natural fluctuations in the circulation patterns of the atmosphere and ocean to result in a 1% or 2% decrease in global cloud cover. Clouds are the Earth??s sunshade, and if cloud cover changes for any reason, you have global warming ??? or global cooling.",,2_1
The family has found that the climate and heavy clay soils suit rice.,,0_0
"The sizable government largesse helped forge a pragmatic bond between top Dow officials and Markey, an outspoken campaigner for climate change initiatives and against shale gas development. They haven't always been on the same page. For example, Markey has opposed a chemical security measure, which Dow has backed. But that issue is small potatoes compared to climate change, one of Markey's signature issues.",,0_0
Global warming proven by snow? Scientists make their case,,0_0
"Better still, we can look at the graph of GISS anomalies for the two poles between 1938 and 1980.",,0_0
"I agree, and would add that they have provided NO demonstration of skillful regional and local predictionsof changes in climate statistics from that in the historical and paleorecord.",,0_0
"CFACT is a UNFCCC accredited NGO and the veteran of numerous UN conferences. CFACT is your go to' source for news and information for those seeking to balance coverage with reporting which challenges climate and sustainability orthodoxy. CFACT is available to all media. Call to schedule an interview.""",,0_0
INTERESTED IN LEARNING MORE ABOUT THE EL NIO AND LA NIA AND THEIR LONG-TERM EFFECTS ON GLOBAL SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES?,,0_0
They are in more than the usual disarray that afflicts parties out of the White House. Many members of their majority in the House of Representatives are out of step with the Republican leadership on issues ranging from Syria to defunding Obamacare.,,0_0
"There's a finite number of species within any community type, Kangas says. ""As you continue to move out, the numbers level off."" So further increase in area does not produce concomitant increase in diversity, and as a result, habitats on upper, flatter part of curve can be reduced without substantial immediate species loss. (Science, p.738)""",,0_0
The climate police would do more for their cause if they spent more time persuading the public on the merits of climate risks and policy. Their resort to abusive government power suggests that they think they have a weak case.,,0_0
"Martinez et al . report that the warmed plants showed good photochemical performance and photosynthetic adjustment under warming conditions,"" which led to ""higher growth and biomass production than control plants,"" likely due to ""adjustments in both the photosynthetic thermal optimum and the photosynthetic rates at the growth temperature,"" a combination that they say ""may be a constructive adjustment,"" citing the supportive studies of Zhang and Dang (2013) and Way and Yamori (2014). And they also report that the S. capitata plants they studied ""increased their chlorophyll content and antioxidative enzyme activity.""",,3_2
"Dr. Hoerling contended that Dr. Hansens new paper confuses drought, caused primarily by a lack of rainfall, with heat waves.",,0_0
This exercise produced an interesting result: Roughly half of the AMS experts believed there must be a significant human influence on the climate through the release of carbon dioxidewhile the other half had considerable doubt about the validity of climate models.,,0_0
Relativism : Things arent worse; theyre just different. This would be the fall back position for all those with an allergy to any kind of duty.,,0_0
Flawed articles about the safety of genetically modified plants have been known to help spread the propaganda of antitechnology activists.,,0_0
They then quote an opinion poll commissioned by councils which found ?57 per cent agree that Britain rarely sees weather events as severe as those of 2009/10 and that it would be inappropriate to spend more money preparing?.,,0_0
BBC NEWS | Science/Nature | Arctic summers ice-free by 2013,,0_0
"The first thing they will do, and the one thing I think they were always going to succeed in doing at this conference is to agree to establish what will be delicately called the institutional framework. Now that is a code word for world government.",,0_0
"Climate models have been programmed to show global warming and all of its manifestations in response to rising energy imbalance values. But modeling groups go through very different gyrations (by manipulating clouds?) with the two computer-calculated components of the Earths energy budget at the top of the atmosphere in order to achieve that warmingwhich indicates there is no consensus on how Earths atmosphere and oceans have responded in the past, are responding now, and will respond in the future to manmade greenhouse gases. No consensus whatsoever.",,5_1
"Today we gather to discuss climate change. We will be privileged to hear from venerable leading scientists and experts. I am confident that anyone listening to these experts with an open mind, anyone exmaning the mountains of scientific data and evidence surrounding this issue will conclude that no climate treaty should be signed in Copenhagen this December!",,0_0
"Sens. Cruz and Rubio have slightly different understandings of climate science, but their policy positions are very close, said Ebell. ""Cruz and Rubio have both said that they will overturn the EPA's greenhouse gas rules.""",,0_0
2. Do you think human activity is a significant contributing factor in changing mean global temperatures?,,0_0
"It's almost like he can't admit he made a mistake, Morano told FoxNews.com. ""He needs to say it was a brain fart, at the very least.""",,0_0
"The Sun may have contributed as much as 66% of the observed twentieth century warming, and perhaps more.",,2_1
Climate criminals will immediately jump on this and claim that glaciers are losing mass even if the surface is gaining it. This is also a lie as you can see in this time lapse of the Petermann Glacier which is clearly growing.,,1_1
"But the tide seems to be turning. The Climate Conference fiasco in Copenhagen, Climategate scandal and stabilization of worldwide temperatures since 1995 have given rise to growing doubts about the putative threat of dangerous global warming"" or ""global climate disruption."" Indeed, even Phil Jones, director of the University of East Anglia's Climatic Research Unit and one of the main players in Climategate, now acknowledges that there has been no measurable warming since 1995, despite steadily rising atmospheric carbon dioxide.""",,1_4
"As the chart depicts over 12 different time periods (all ending July 2014), reality is that while CO2 levels keep increasing over time, the long-term temperature warming trend (the red curve) is not rapidly accelerating towards a tipping point of climate catastrophe.",,1_4
"But in the case of the JFK assassination, there is simply no evidence that there were numerous shooters and/or that there was any organization or group of people who would want to increase the probability of the success by a backup plan or a spare shooter. In fact, it's very likely that if there had been several shooters, we would almost certainly learn about some traces the others have left. There aren't any.",,0_0
United Nations Climate Change Conference in Bali Hijacked by European Liberals,,0_0
"Academic freedom is an old privilege. Academics can report the results of their research without fearing that the political fall-out would affect their economic security or their career. Richard Tol, Climate Etc, 12 November 2011",,0_0
"One can begin to arrive at the political problem of liberal progressivism when one notes that each of those reversals saw the white working class abandon Democrats in record numbers. Nixon's Silent Majority, Reagan Democrats, angry white malesthese catchphrases from those past elections are merely euphemisms for the white working class. In each election, it was their defection that cost the Democrats their majorities and gave victory to the GOP, and polls and casual observation suggest that the white working class is in revolt against President Obama. You can read my NRO article GOP Heaven, West Virginia?"" for the full argument, but suffice it to say that President Obama's approval rating among white working-class voters is in the neighborhood of 30 percent. By comparison, this is only a few points higher than Nixon's approval rating on the eve of his resignation.""",,0_0
"Will the American middle and working classes' turn to the GOP end the partisan and philosophical conflict of the last two years, or are there tensions between the conservative movement and those groups of Americans that remain to be worked out before a new, more stable political era is created? This is a topic well beyond the scope of this memo, but I will conclude by offering a sober, yet positive, assessment.",,0_0
The Clinton-Gore administration wants more GEF funding to implement the Kyoto Protocol. The Senate made it clear that it will not ratify the protocol unless developing countries participate. Funding of the GEF allows the administration to claim developing countries are participating by accepting money from the American taxpayer.,,0_0
"For years, certain natural gas producers, led by Chesapeake Energy CEO Aubrey McClendon, have pursued a myopic strategy of demonizing coal in an effort to seize a larger share of the electricity generation market.",,0_0
"By Doug MacEachern, Arizona Republic, Aug 7, 2015",,0_0
"Forcing Unrealistic Hikes Endangers Drivers, Zaps the Economy",,0_0
No doubt these scientists genuinely believe in their own perception of the climate change story. But why do mainstream scientists go along with the inevitable overstatement associated with the activism business?,,5_2
The IPCCs 4.8 C-by-2100 prediction is four times the observed real-world warming trend since we might in theory have begun influencing it in 1950.,,5_1
Washington Degree Days 41 F Base,,0_0
The Department of Interiorcould list more species as threatened or endangered based on climate change concerns.,,0_0
H1614 6.1 H1656 6.0 H1743 5.9 L1228 1.1 L1333 1.2 L1452 1.2 L1622 1.0,,0_0
"Not only is Mr. Weaver an IPCC insider. He has also, over the years, generated his own volume of climate advocacy that often seemed to have crossed that dangerous line between hype and science.",,5_2
"Four years ago, the UK Climate Change Act was passed, committing the UK to huge economic upheaval and a cost, on the governments own figures, of 18 billion a year.",,0_0
"And temperatures at the North Pole (fastest warming place on Earth) are also running cold, after the coldest summer on record.",,1_3
"Dr. Christy attached to his testimony an extract of testimony he delivered previously to the U.S. Senate Committee on Commerce, Science, & Transportation, Subcommittee on Space, Science and Competitiveness, on December 8, 2015. That extract ends with the following summary:",,0_0
"Alpine melt reveals ancient life. A glacier in the mountains retreats due to our evil cars and what do we find? People, living 3000 plus years ago where we couldnt live now with modern technology. Only three thousand years ago people are living in what is no unimaginably cold, yet we cant even explain how they were able to pull it off. LINK HERE.",,0_0
it's gotten a little colder). Theories that do not retrospectively explain,,0_0
"Scientists have struggled to explain the lack of warming in recent years, giving dozens of explanations for the pause, ranging from increased volcanic activity to natural ocean cycles. While scientists debate the causes of the pause, some are lowering their estimates of how much warming could occur in the future.Some scientists point to measures like warming ocean temperatures, melting Arctic Sea ice, extreme weather events or varying crop yields as evidence that carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels are having an impact on the planet, even though the temperature record may not currently reflect it.",,1_4
"But seriously, MNNs photos supposedly depicting melting glaciers on the Matterhorn proves nothing in their effort to debunk Glaciergate theyve only proven that any schmuck can cherry-pick photos.",,5_2
?Forecasts like this are never simple but the data system is really useful and has made successful forecasts for other parts of the world.?,,0_0
"This new version of the party eschewed any serious effort to bargain and compromise with the opposition party, an essential activity within the American constitutional system.",,0_0
"The TRAIN Act (H.R. 2401, ?Transparency in Regulatory Analysis of Impacts on the Nation Act of 2011?) establishes an 11-member federal interagency committee, chaired by the Department of Commerce, to analyze the cumulative impacts of a number of major EPA regulations. A final report on the results of the analysis is due to Congress by August 1, 2012.",,0_0
No Consensus: Earth's Top of Atmosphere Energy Imbalance in CMIP5-Archived (IPCC AR5) Climate Models,,0_0
"One-dimensional simulations helped to explain the strong effect on cloud burn-off of BB and BC from other sources. They showed that when absorbing aerosols exist in clouds, instantaneous direct radiative forcing (DRF) and surface temperature change are anticorrelated because when absorbing aerosol burns off a cloud, the aerosol DRF decreases due to a decrease in optical focusing, yet surface temperature escalates rapidly due to the pouring in of sunlight to the surface. As such, particle burn-off of clouds may be a major underrecognized source of global warming .",,0_0
"Another spuriously precise claim trotted out is that The temperature of the planet has already increased about 1.5 degrees since 1850. This is a change from the usual one about the 20th century. The thing that is journalistically dodgy here is that any figure can be picked out of a hat depending on the start and finish dates. If you pick the years 1940 and 1975, for example, the IPCC itself allows there was a slight cooling trend, which explains why in the seventies the science journalists were being paid to worry about global cooling. On the other hand, the warming claimed for the full 150 year period mainly took place in just thirty years, between 1910 and 1940. The reality is that there is no global record of temperatures worth the name, certainly not prior to arrival of satellites, and even now temperature statistics are much contested and with good reason.",,5_1
and the key to winning that support is to show clearly which party is,,0_0
"When you have eliminated the impossible,whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (1859-1930).",,0_0
A SoCal woman says the energy efficient window installed in a neighbors condominium is melting the plastic components on cars parked in her carport,,0_0
An international group of scientists are aiming to create a simulator that can replicate everything happening on Earth - from global weather patterns and the spread of diseases to international financial transactions or congestion on Milton Keynes' roads.,,0_0
"And the judge's finding could not have been blunter: The Armageddon scenario that he depicts is not based on any scientific view."" And that quotation, too, was on one of my slides, but Abraham carefully failed to mention it, or to check with me to find out how it was that the judge had come to that conclusion.""",,0_0
"Its certainly not unprecedented. Rather than limiting the perspective to a mere 34 years, how about looking at the last 1200? Two years ago, Edward Cook and several colleagues reconstructed the Wests drought history back to 800 A.D. They wrote that Compared to earlier megadroughts that are reconstructed to have occurred around AD 936, 1034, 1150, and 1253, however, the current drought does not stand out as an extreme event, because it has not yet lasted nearly as long.",,1_7
"Even though it is academically plausible"" that there is something beneath the obvious and mundane events we have seen, one should understand that there isn't any real evidence and it is just a sign of irrationality to be attracted to unjustified contrived hypotheses and to (loudly) dismiss simple, effective theories that agree with the evidence, especially if one does so repeatedly.""",,0_0
"Abraham again artfully distorts or carefully omits what I actually said. First, he says that the IPCC predicts 20-50 cm of sea-level rise this century, not 6 cm. Well, yes it does, but the reason for the difference is that the IPCC's figure (which still amounts to below 2 feet, not 20, and it's actually rising at just 1 ft/century at present, if that) is for sea-level rise from all sources, chiefly thermosteric expansion, not just from ice-melt.",,0_0
"Solar activity is going into a decline as well. We dont yet know if this decline will be to a Dalton Minimum-like level or a Maunder Minimum level. The model projection into the future does not contain ENSO or volcanic data as that data cannot be predicted. But it will get cooler for the next thirty years. The AMO will turn positive some time in mid-century, and solar output may not decline as much as indicated, so another full-blown ice age is not beginning, but a Little Ice Age may be starting. See here for further projections into the future based on the deVries 230-year cycle and the 1000-year Suess cycle.",,1_2
"If I had one thing to do over again I would not have talked so much about green. Even though I believe in global warming and I believe in the science, it just took on a connotation that was too elitist; it was too precious and it let opponents think that if you had a green initiative, you didn't care about jobs. I'm a businessman. That's all I care about, is jobs.",,0_0
"Er, no, it cant. Im not sure that even the holy books of IPeCaC have ever suggested that runaway temperature feedback is even a possibility. In any event, elementary considerations in the mathematics of feedback amplification make runaway feedback an impossibility.",,3_1
"On the other hand, federal, state, and local taxes on gasoline and diesel fuel average 48 cents a gallon. The federal 18.4 cents gas tax and 24.4 cents diesel tax raised $35 billion in 2014, which is used to fund mass transit as well as highway projects. Electric vehicles make no contribution to maintaining our roads or our mass transit systems.",,0_0
Frigid Spring Freezes Global Warming Claims,,0_0
"Actually, yes. Both are outspoken public advocates of alarm, and Wielicki has gone so far as to retract results once they were shown to contradict alarm.",,0_0
A California judge has blocked an attempt to prosecute alleged downloaders of copyrighted material in a move which is being championed as a win for American users of the Internet.,,0_0
The 1980 value for the greenhouse effect is 35.56C and the value for 2010 is 0.14C lower at 35.42C. This demonstrates that the 70.9% increase in global CO2 emissions since 1980 did not in any way enhance the greenhouse effect as has been falsely claimed since 1988 when this global warming debacle first began.,,2_3
"The numerical raw data are here, with some early stage statistics derived from the raw data. I make no claims about the number of significant figures carried, the distributions of data, etc. The purpose of this essay is to invite your comments.",,0_0
Interesting juxtaposition of news today record snowfalls at Falls Creek and the ACT GreenLabor Govt inflicting more mad taxes on us. While of course their incomes and super are indexed and paid for by you guessed it us poor sucker voters.,,0_0
"This new version of the party eschewed any serious effort to bargain and compromise with the opposition party, an essential activity within the American constitutional system.",,0_0
What the United States and Canada are experiencing right now is making global warming alarmists such as Al Gore look quite foolish. The following are 10 of Al Gores stupidest global warming quotes,,5_2
"Using data from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), a Science and Public Policy Institute paper published last month found that if the United States eliminated all carbon dioxide emissions, the overall impact on global temperature rise would be only 0.08 degrees Celsius by 2050.",,4_2
Vancouver will experience one of its coldest winters on record.,,0_0
"The timelineof these actions iscritical. In June 2010, the Senate voted on Sen. Murkowskis resolution ( S.J.Res.26 ) to overturn the EPAs Endangerment Rule, the prerequisite for all EPA global warming regulations. The resolution fell short by four votes (47-53). In April 2011, the Senate voted on Sen. Inhofes legislation to overturn all EPA global warming regulations except those auto companies had already made investments to comply with. The bill failed on a 50-50 tie vote. Had McCarthy and the EPA been candid about their anti-coal agenda in 2010 and 2011, more Senators might have voted for those measures.",,0_0
"To draw any conclusions about Arctic ice or temperatures, using data that begins at the coldest point of the cycle is utterly worthless and grossly misleading. But this is climate science we are talking about.",,5_1
"Based on a lengthy review of all of this, and notwithstanding the court's admission that it does not have independent expertise in this area,"" the court concludes that existing Dutch climate policy constitutes a negligent breach of a duty of care owed the plaintiffs and all Dutch citizens.""",,0_0
"So, based on that discussion, the modeled and observed satellite-era Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO) data are shown in Figure 27, where the short-term AMO is determined by subtracting the data (and model outputs) for the rest of the global oceans from the North Atlantic data (and model outputs). And once again, the data (and model outputs) for the rest of the global oceans were determined by subtracting the scaled North Atlantic data (and model outputs) from the global value (the same method for the rest of the global oceans shown in Figures 25 and 26). As shown in Figure 27, the models do not capture the additional natural warming of the North Atlantic associated with the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation.",,0_0
"The panel found Schatten, as co-author with Hwang on a 2005 article in the journal Science, did not exercise a sufficiently critical perspective as a scientist. By not properly checking the veracity of the paper, Schatten committed a serious failure that facilitated the publication of the work, the panel said....",,0_0
"The close correspondence between the Sphagnum ?? 13 C values of Sharma et al . and the lake level data of Baedke and Thompson bears strong witness to the reality of the millennial-scale oscillation of earth's climate that has brought the world alternating multi-century periods of relative cold and warmth, which in the Great Lakes region of North America are closely associated with concomitant relative wet and dry conditions, respectively.?? It is our belief that this climatic oscillation is also responsible for the development of the Modern Warm Period, which would have occurred when it did even if man had never appeared on the scene. Reference",,2_1
comparison attribution studies. We need to be careful with the wording I think.,,0_0
"Conceivably, EPA might claim the CEIP is kosher because it is based on the Clean Air Act, not the 1992 Energy Policy Act. That won't cut it. Section 111 does not contain any of the terminology associated with an early action program (early,"" ""voluntary,"" ""credit,"" ""allowance,"" ""allocation,"" ""transfer,"" ""award,"" ""participant"").""",,0_0
"One geoengineering possibility involves injecting sunlight-reflecting sulfate particles into the stratosphere, intended to mimic what large volcanic eruptions already do every once in a while. In a more science-fiction-like vein, another proposal would place numerous small sunshades"" in orbit to prevent a small amount of sunlight from reaching the Earth's surface. For many climate scientists, however, the goal of studying geoengineering isn't to determine whether any particular proposal is practical or safe, but ""to show, with authority, that all such paths are dead-end streets,"" and that the focus needs to be on requiring large reductions in people's fossil-fuel energy consumption.""",,0_0
WSJ's Favorite Skeptics Headed for Chicago,,0_0
"Between the offsets, allowance giveaways, generous assumptions about the cost and development of carbon sequestration for coal-fired electricity, and optimistic hopes for falling costs for other prospective energy sources, estimates of the cost of Waxman-Markey over the long run differ by more than an order of magnitude. Advocates of Waxman-Markey point to estimates from the EPA and the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) showing average cost to households of less than $100 per year (in 2008 dollars) by 2020, down from a previous estimate of about $175 per yearroughly equal to buying one extra postage stamp a day. On the other end of the scale, the Heritage Foundation estimates the cost will be more than $1,800 per household (again in constant 2008 dollars) by 2020 and will rise sharply in the years after 2020 when the cap begins to be lowered and the allowances begin to be auctioned rather than given away.",,4_1
"The chart shows estimates as high as 3.5 million, or 500,000 deaths, when the actual number of delayed deaths is less than 4,000. Thats the number of Americans who die of adverse drug reactions every six weeks. Again, a huge error.",,0_0
"RSS satellite temperatures show that by 2008, US temperatures had cooled down below what they were during all of the non-volcano years of the 1980s and 1990s.",,1_4
"More importantly though, the President while mentioning Chinese actions in the South China Sea and Russia's activities in Ukraine fails to grasp or even evince concern that great power competition is on the comeback trail. Such a competition would be incredibly injurious to Mr. Obama's attempts to remake American society: one can wage an aggressive war against terrorist networks at a fraction of the cost of deterring conventional major power conflict. As for his assertion that we have a military with no peer"", he is for the time being correct. Yet the trajectories of our drawdown and China's buildup present a difficult match for the United States that is on course to become deeply apparent in East Asia by the 2020s. Were we to continue to fixate on terrorism as our greatest threat, we would surely accelerate that imbalance and make such a war more likely.""",,0_0
2. Regression analyses do not support the idea that regional heat waves are increasing with time.,,0_0
"As the CO 2 content of the air continues to rise, it is likely that regenerating forest communities of beech and spruce will exhibit enhanced fine root production and ectomycorrhizal fungal growth, regardless of soil nutritional characteristics. However, with additional soil nitrogen, these growth increases will likely become even more robust, allowing greater nutrient acquisition and transfer from the fungal symbionts to their host seedlings. Thus, in a future CO 2 -enriched world, these forest communities will likely sequester much greater amounts of atmospheric carbon belowground in fine root and ectomycorrhizal biomass.",,3_3
Note that I will link to some more in depth tutorials at the end of the post.,,0_0
"The temperature record resulting from the weather stations differs from the graphs generated by the satellites not by too much but substantially enough for the satellites to completely deny the claim that 2014 had a chance to have been the warmest year, and so on. But the differences between the satellite and weather-station-based temperature records probably mean that these two methodologies measure substantially different quantities"" (quantities with inequivalent definitions) that shouldn't be assumed to behave equally, and that's why they don't behave equally. The disagreement between the two methodologies isn't necessarily due to any ""big error"" on either side.""",,5_1
"In his final days as Governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger bestowed a goodbye gift to the High Speed Rail Authority (HSRA), he used a line item veto to remove most performance requirements for the HSRA to obtain budget funding. Bottom line what Schwarzenegger is proposing is to skip the planning and go straight to doing.",,0_0
"After years of decline, glaciers in Norway are again growing, reports the Norwegian Water Resources and Energy Directorate (NVE). Read more here .",,1_1
"Of course there is a spectrum of views on climate as she points out which range from outright disbelief that temperatures are rising at all to acceptance of a measurable human signal in the global temperature record. However, she portrays this range of views in a very simplistic manner in an attempt to ridicule those who dare question the consensus.",,0_0
"In September 2013, the Republican members of the Senate Environmental and Public Works Committee issued a report that EPA officials had, from the beginning of President Obama's tenure, pursued a path of obfuscation, operating in the shadows, and out of the sunlight."" It detailed violations of the Freedom of Information Act and other federal laws and regulations intended to encourage transparency and accountability in the government.""",,0_0
"The brief, which lists Kagan as counsel of record,"" argued that the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ""lacked jurisdiction because petitioners failed to exhaust the exclusive statutory review procedures"" at the agency. Directly attacking the reasoning of Judge James Robertson, appointed to the D.C. District Court by President Clinton, Kagan maintained that Robertson's decision to even let the case proceed was ""contrary to bedrock principles of judicial review of administrative action."" Standing is indeed one of the bedrock elements of judicial review under our Constitution. Article III requires that there actually be a ""case"" or ""controversy"" before federal courts can rule on the legal merits of a law or regulation, and the plaintiff has to show a sufficient injury or the likelihood of one from the policy at hand to give him standing to sue. This edict keeps the courts from being a pure policymaking body.""",,0_0
"And as Jonathan was alluding to, researchers do sometimes disagree. And that's confusing sometimes for the public because scientists are just to supposed to work with the facts, right. We just deal with facts. Unfortunately, it's the interpretation of those facts that we tend to disagree on. And I thought it might be useful to point out that in areas of science that are controversial that there are other things which influence a scientist's judgment. And I listed some of them that I have personally seen from other scientists including myself -- okay, I'm not saying I'm immune to these influences.",,0_0
"Simon is back, and he has brought the satirebat with him global warming causes Vegemite sales slump , or something.",,0_0
Galileo has lots of modern-day companions. Woe be unto those who dare to doubt that the sun orbits around Planet Gore as pontiffs of doom have decreed.,,0_0
Professor Plimer said the planet came out of an ice age in 1850 and has been warming since.,,2_1
How does this compare with the IPCC projections for the trend over the interval 2000-2030? Not too bad:,,0_0
"Now there may be even fewer Democrats for TPA, and Boehner, lacking enough Republicans to pass it, is pressing the president to get more votes from his party.",,0_0
The magic of the EPA's benefit/cost analysis,,0_0
Sachs again offers no actual evidence in support of his assertions.,,0_0
"on Thursday, August 11th, 2011 at 10:47 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Senators John Kerry and Joseph Lieberman have just unveiled their latest/greatest attempt to reign in U. S. greenhouse gas emissions. Their one time collaborator Lindsey Graham indicated that he did not consider the bill a climate bill because ?here is no bipartisan support for a cap-and-trade bill based on global warming.? But make no mistake. This is a climate bill at heart, and thus the Kerry-Lieberman bill sections labeled ?Title II. Global Warming Pollution Reduction.?",,0_0
"The main argument for anthropogenic causes of warming is that the rise of late (particularly 1978 1998) has been so steep and swift that it couldnt be anything else. This was always an absurd argument, because we have at least two periods in the last 150 years prior to most of our fossil fuel combustion where temperature rises were as fast and steep as 1978-1998. But if temperatures did not rise as much as we thought, this argument is further gutted.",,2_1
"Empirical evidence does not lend much support to the notion that climate is headed precipitately toward more extreme heat and drought. The drought of 1999 covered a smaller area than the 1988 drought, when the Mississippi almost dried up. And 1988 was a temporary inconvenience as compared with repeated droughts during the 1930s Dust Bowl that caused an exodus from the prairies, as chronicled in Steinbecks Grapes of Wrath.",,1_7
"According to IPCC models, if everyone in Wyoming traded in their pickup truck for a hybrid, it would slow global warming by about 0.00000001 degrees.",,4_2
"This year is set to be the coolest since 2000, according to a preliminary estimate of global average temperature that is due to be released next week by the Met Office. The global average for 2008 should come in close to 14.3C, which is 0.14C below the average temperature for 2001-07.",,1_3
This paper is mostly about the trends if you put in the Roman (300 AD) and Medieval (1100 AD). Naturally the trend is up since the Little Ice Age that ended in the late 18th century. Remember why Valley Forge was so damn cold.,,2_1
"This post addresses why they peak at that time. But in order to show it, we have to discuss sea surface temperatures, not anomalies. Keep that in mind, please.",,0_0
"The low tide of 0.7m was reached late in the afternoon, about 5:34PM.",,0_0
"Vision : all we need to make Star-Trek-like teleportation a reality then, its finding a way to cool a person into a BEC, transfer its quantum state into just the right BEC far away, and then heat this back as the teleported copy of the original person.",,0_0
"The Keystone pipeline remains a strong possibility, though the Canadians have nearly given up on us. Fracking is regulated at the state level, which, mostly, allows it tocontinue to increase America's energy freedomresulting in lower prices at the pump. Because more than 96% of the wells drilled in America today use the decades-old, but new-and-improved, technology of hydraulic fracturing, a federal fracking ban, like environmental groups have been trying to pass through city and county initiatives, would virtually shut down our booming energy economy. President Obama tried, but couldn't pass a cap-and-trade billeven when his party controlled both houses. Nor could he get a new Kyoto-like international treaty ratified. Most of the western world is now retreating on the climate pledges made in a different political era.",,0_0
The Lukewarmer Hypothesis: The true underlying trend for the earth??s surface temperature is precisely equal to 1/2 the mean model trend.,,5_1
"Climate change is pestering the launch of Newt Gingrich's presidential bid, reported E&E; News' ClimateWire. The E&E; reporter then proceeded to extensively quote CFACT's Marc Morano as the primary watchdog bringing attention to Newt's past position on global warming.""",,0_0
"Despite the lack of practical consequences at EU and UN levels, the motion still makes a lot of political sense, especially if it is considered that last year a similar motion was also passed, calling for a more balanced approach to the scientific aspects and uncertainties of climate change. With the exception of the Czech Republic's President, Vaclav Klaus, this is probably the only case of a relevant institution in a European member State that challenges the consensus"" on climate policies. Obviously, this is also an important signal about the high discontent of Italian businesses about a package of EU directives that they believe, with good reason, are punitive towards the Italian economy.""",,0_0
President Obama and labor unions are entering a new and difficult stretch in their relationship as the White House looks to find common ground with Republicans on issues like trade and the deficit.,,0_0
"But don't get me wrong: I was convinced by the reigning consensus on global warming a long time ago, have accepted that human use of fossil fuels has caused it and am very glad so many European politicians take the scientists' words seriously. The question now is whether these same Europeans will start taking the solutions seriously. If so, they must begin by abandoning the bankrupt Kyoto treaty on climate change and encouraging the United States to do so, too.",,0_0
New emissions policy will force biggest UK firms to reveal CO2 figures,,0_0
"Guys, fyi...were looking to lend the Premier a bit of support in his commitment to taking action on property rights this year. If you have been affected by Native Vegetation Clearing Bans, Groundwater Protection Notices, Heritage Listing, Planning Regulations, Licencing Impositions, or other assaults on what you thought was your private property, come along and lend your support to this important PEACEFUL demonstration.",,0_0
"One of the more difficult concepts is RegEM, an algorithm developed by Tapio Schneider in 2001 . Its a form of expectation maximization (EM) which is a common and well understood method for infilling missing data. As weve previously noted on WUWT, many of the weather stations used in the Steig et al study had issues with being buried by snow , causing significant data gaps in the Antarctic record and in some burial cases stations have been accidentally lost or confused with others at different lat/lons. Then of course there is the problem of coming up with trends for the entire Antarctic continent when most of the weather station data is from the periphery and the penisula, with very little data from the interior.",,5_1
"Daily Express, 28 October 2010: IT?S a prediction that means this may be time to dig out the snow chains and thermal underwear. The Met Office, using data generated by a 33million supercomputer, claims Britain can stop worrying about a big freeze this year because we could be in for a milder winter than in past years? The new figures, which show a 60 per cent to 80 per cent chance of warmer-than-average temperatures this winter, were ridiculed last night by independent forecasters. The latest data comes in the form of a December to February temperature map on the Met Office?s website.",,5_1
"6) What about rising sea levels? I must confess, I don?t pay much attention to the sea level issue. I will say that, to the extent that warming occurs, sea levels can be expected to also rise to some extent. The rise is partly due to thermal expansion of the water, and partly due to melting or shedding of land-locked ice (the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets, and glaciers). But this says nothing about whether or not humans are the cause of that warming. Since there is evidence that glacier retreat and sea level rise started well before humans can be blamed, causation is ? once again ? a major source of uncertainty.",,2_3
"It is time to follow Europe's lead. We may not be able to do anything about the weather or climate. But we can, and must, implement policies that ensure we have the technology, money, jobs and energy to adapt to whatever climate and weather changes might come.",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Donnybrook-Bridgetown Mail,,0_0
"The weekly round-up will not be published today, due to a laptop that will. not. boot.",,0_0
"As usual, Tocqueville was onto something hugely important. From the Founding Fathers to the Jacobins and Bolsheviks, revolutionaries have fought under essentially the same banner: advancement of human dignity. It is in the search for dignity through liberty and citizenship that glasnost's subversive sensibility lives and will continue to live. Just as the pages of Ogoniok and Moskovskie Novosti must take pride of place next to Boris Yeltsin on the tank as symbols of the latest Russian revolution, so should Internet pages in Arabic stand as emblems of the present revolution next to the images of rebellious multitudes in Cairo's Tahrir Square, the Casbah plaza in Tunis, the streets of Benghazi, and the blasted towns of Syria. Languages and political cultures aside, their messages and the feelings they inspired were remarkably similar.",,0_0
"Developing countries know increased energy use is a prerequisite for the economic development needed to combat the major problems they face today, including poverty, disease, famine, unemployment and violent conflict. Can improved technologies help them reduce energy use per unit of economic output, and thus lower greenhouse gas emissionsto produce greater wealth, health and environmental quality? If so, what policy changes are necessary to encourage technology transfers and increasing partnerships with developed countries?",,0_0
No wonder their projections are so often so far removed from reality,,0_0
"Anyway, back to the Antarctic. There are reports that the ice sheet is shrinking at a faster rate, based on research led by Eric Rignot, of the Radar Science and Engineering Section at NASAs Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California. Dr. Rignot attributed the shrinkage in the ice sheet to an upwelling of warm waters along the Antarctic coast, which is causing some glaciers to flow more rapidly into the ocean. Of course, this must be due to global warming, which must be caused by man. Meanwhile, mid-summer in the Southern Hemisphere Ice extent remains well (one million square kilometers) above the 28 year average and an impressive 3 million square kilometers above last year at this time!",,1_1
Gore: The US West and the Southeast are experiencing prolonged severe droughts. Truth: America also endured the Dust Bowl and a 25-year drought that forced Anasazi Indians to abandon their villages.,,1_7
"By giving them access to proper investment capital and affordable financial institutions, microfinance providers help small- and medium-sized enterprises in developing countries to grow. Often, these businesses are so small that they can neither afford the interest rates on bank loans nor come up with the capital they need on the their own. When implemented correctly, microfinance loans empower their customers to invest, grow, and be productive, all of which contribute to diminishing poverty within communities.",,0_0
"Our parents love Facts, Not Fear! It is a parent-friendly resource offering practical tips for providing children with a common-sense approach to understanding and appreciating our environment.",,0_0
"One of the classic issues facing innovators is that because their ideas are new, their products aren't always 'legal,' because they don't fit any of the traditional definitions of a product under existing rules.",,0_0
"The mismatch between rising greenhouse-gas emissions and not-rising temperatures is among the biggest puzzles in climate science just now. It does not mean global warming is a delusion. Flat though they are, temperatures in the first decade of the 21st century remain almost 1C above their level in the first decade of the 20th. But the puzzle does need explaining.",,1_4
"While some other bloggers and journalists insist that recent winter snows are proof of global warming effects, they miss the fact that models have been predicting less snow in the norther hemisphere. See this 2005 peer reviewed paper:",,5_1
Joint letter to NASA Administrator blasts agencys policy of ignoring empirical evidence,,0_0
"The Canadians found that the Medieval warm period had indeed occurred, suggesting that periods of warming and cooling were natural trends unrelated to the number of SUVs on the road.",,2_1
"If we continue using fossil fuels, there is a 0.0% chance that it will lead to a climate catastrophe. CO2 was much higher for most of the last 600 million years, and life thrived.",,2_3
"As of today, it has been a record 118 months since the last major hurricane struck the continental United States, according to records kept by the National Oceanic & Atmospheric Administrations (NOAA) Hurricane Research Division , which list all hurricanes to strike the U.S. mainland going back to 1851",,1_7
"Debunking every IPCC climate prophesy of war, pestilence, famine, drought, impacts in one line",,0_0
I have no particular comment to make about the model itself. WUWT has covered this issue well already.,,0_0
China mine death tolls rises to 30: government:,,0_0
"Sixty four cosponsors from twenty three different countries signed on to Heartland's Fourth International Conference on Climate Change including Americans for Prosperity, Ayn Rand Center for Individual Rights, Freedom Works, Illinois Policy Institute, JunkScience.com, George C. Marshall Institute, National Center for Public Policy Research, and the Science and Public Policy Institute.",,0_0
"None of the IPCC models skillfully predicted the major weather pattern variations (and their observed variations in frequency over time) for the 20 th century. The 1930s and 1950s droughts in the United States , for example, have not been accurately simulated by the IPPC models. The one climate metric that they focus on (the global average surface temperature trend) has been reasonably simulated primarily because they can determine what level of aerosols in the atmosphere over the past decades is required to explain the observed variations of warming and cooling during this time period.",,5_1
"Since Mr. Trotsky also indicates that the only alternative position to the idea that the end justifies the means is some form of absolutistic ethics based on the alleged deliverances of conscience, or a moral sense, or some brand of eternal truths, I wish to say that I write from a standpoint that rejects all such doctrines as definitely as does Mr. Trotsky himself, and that I hold that the end in the sense of consequences provides the only basis for moral ideas and action, and therefore provides the only justification that can be found for means employed.",,0_0
"What is unconventional oil? Well, we could start by considering the conventions regarding oil. For literally billions of years the convention was that oil was found in small pools and seeps like you see in Figure 1. Indeed, the discovery of oil in Oil Creek, Pennsylvania, the site of the first US oil well, came about because oil had been seeping out there for untold centuries, and had been known and utilized by the Early Asian Immigrants in the area before the later arrival of the melanin-deficient crowd.",,0_0
"If the observed warming over the last half century can anywhere be claimed to be unusual, it would have to be where it was greatest in the Arctic. Both satellite and surface station data show a warming of about two degrees Celsius since the 1970??s. But the surface station data (see the Figure below) show that warming in context. Recent warming was very similar to the previous warming from 1900 to 1940, reaching virtually the same peak.",,2_1
"While the D.C. federal appeals court ruled against the firm on the merits of its challenge, it found that the plaintiffs had more than satisfied requirements for standing. Judge Judith Rogers appointed to the court by President Clinton wrote in the majority opinion that because the constitutional challenges to the Act are collateral to the Act's administrative review scheme, the exhaustion doctrine does not apply, and we hold that the district court had subject matter jurisdiction over the complaint.""",,0_0
"The community is also adapting their use of natural resources. They have built a raised well to stop the floods from polluting fresh groundwater, and we met the woman who manages it and ensures this water is distributed fairly in times of need. New drought- and flood-resistant crops have been planted in the floodplain, and the community also have a resources centre with posters on the walls and a meeting space to encourage learning about sound management of fisheries, forests and agricultural land.",,0_0
"But when leaders neither criticized nor condemned the assertions, it gave them more legitimacy with voters. We do not believe that party leaders themselves believed Obama was a secret Muslim, that Hillary Clinton's aide Huma Abedin was a terrorist, or that a Black Panther uprising was ever imminent. But those claims were cynically exploited to foster anger among base voters.",,0_0
"And impressive they are. The moderator was Jeffrey Mervis, a senior correspondent at Science. There was Rush Holt, a former research physicist, a former congressman, and now CEO of the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS). There was Dahlia Sokolov, the minority staff director for the Research and Technology Subcommittee of the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. There was Al Teich, now a professor at GWU, and formerly the director of science and policy programs at the AAAS. Perhaps less impressive, there was little old me.",,0_0
"Furthermore, even if we accept that carbon dioxide is bad, it's not clear exactly what we should do about it. In September, Tom Wigley of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder published a report that determined switching from coal to natural gas would do little for global climate."" Mr. Wigley found that the particulates put into the atmosphere by coal-fired power plants, ""although detrimental to the environment, cool the planet by blocking incoming sunlight.""",,0_0
"Marlo, first of all, what potential significance does this Supreme Court decision to review the case have? Does it indicate evidence of a shift within the Court with regard to statutory boundaries of the EPA's regulatory authority?",,0_0
The KUSI News Special will be posted at http://www.kusi.com/weather/colemanscorner/81175327.html as four segments a few hours before the program is telecast Thursday evening.,,0_0
"The survey found that the views that Americans hold about a wide range of these issues are, in key ways, inaccurate. Significant numbers of people appear to misunderstand such crucial matters as:",,0_0
"Still, it can not be the government radicalism; the unions have preferred the less revolutionary party of the Workers, the Labour Party, in fact, rather than rely on the Communist Party. The figures are placed on the door too controversial in one way or another, and not 'a case that the King who first within the fashionable salons and more' late almost sympathize 'for Hitler, quell'Edoardo VIII was forced to abdicate even after 11 months of reign.",,0_0
James Taylor to Keynote Colorado Emerging Issues Forum,,0_0
"Losing electricity, no matter where you live, is losing every technology that enhances and preserves your life. You lose the ability to cool or warm your home, apartment, or workplace. You lose the ability to keep food safe in your refrigerator and freezer. You most certainly lose the lighting. You lose the ability to turn on your computer or television. Indeed, to use everything you take for granted.",,4_5
"Bottom line: we have now entered El Nino territory . Based on a collection of models, NOAA's Climate Prediction Center (CPC) is going for El Nino conditions the remainder of this year (see their probabilistic forecast below). Roughly 70% chance this summer and about 60% chance next winter. But this time of the year you have to be careful, with the quality of the winter forecasts improves radically by July and August.",,0_0
"This isn't the first time that NOAA has used dubious data to justify global warming alarmism. In early June, NOAA rewrote the historical climate record by making it cooler"" so the present appears warmer. Even climate scientists who believe that man is primarily responsible for the planet warming less than one degree Celsius over the last 100 years rejected NOAA's readjustments to hide the 18-year-and-counting global warming hiatus.""",,5_2
"How can we reconcile this? The not-so-obvious short answer is that the overall warming of the atmosphere is actually creating cold-weather extremes. Last winter, too, was exceptionally snowy and cold across the Eastern United States and Eurasia, as were seven of the previous nine winters.",,0_0
"Oh and I nearly forgot, Ill release my code for how I did this after Eric Steig releases his. (or tomorrow afternoon, whichever comes first)",,0_0
Climate: The Counter Consensus by Robert M. Carter,,0_0
"This is why validating the predictions of any theory is so important to the progress of science. The best test of a theory is to see whether the predictions of that theory end up being correct. Unfortunately, we have no good way to rigorously test climate models in the context of the theory that global warming is manmade. While some climate modelers will claim that their models produce the same fingerprint of manmade warming as seen in nature, there really is no such fingerprint. This is because warming due to more carbon dioxide is, for all practical purposes, indistinguishable from warming due to, say, a natural increase in atmospheric water vapor.",,5_1
"Booth et al (2012) a climate model-based studyclaimed in their abstract that a state-of-the-art Earth system climate model was used to show that aerosol emissions and periods of volcanic activity explain 76 per cent of the simulated multidecadal variance in detrended 18602005 North Atlantic sea surface temperatures. Zhang et al (2013) , on the other hand, utilized the limited data that is available to dispute those claims. Apparently a state-of-the-art Earth system climate model is still inadequate for attribution studies. Do we know what causes the multidecadal variations in North Atlantic sea surface temperatures based on computers models and on very limited data? The realistic answer is no.",,5_1
"Global warming stopped 16 years ago, reveals Met Office report quietly released and here is the chart to prove it",,1_4
"While local volunteers provide most of the weary fire fighters, they are under the ultimate direction of salaried fire officers, who are public servants, wear white shirts, big hats, many medals, and appear on television, looking worried. Budget and big hats may be central to their thinking. Policy and budget are largely dictated by leading politicians, who may have budgets and metaphorical big hats of their own, and usually appear by helicopter in the aftermath, dispensing sympathy.",,0_0
"Apparently that wasnt enough though. An astute reader (Steve Case) captured the USHCN data in 2008 and again today. Below is a plot of the further adjustments during the last two years. Once again, the present has been artificially made warmer and the past has been made cooler. Temperatures in 2007 were raised by 0.16 degrees, and temperatures were lowered by 0.08 degrees in 1930.",,5_1
"Ross Gelbspan, the author of The Heat is On now has an internet site called The Heat is Online (www.heatisonline.org) to promote his global warming views. The website has a multimedia presentation, and a 6,000-word overview, which claims that this new era of climate change could well be the most profound threat ever facing humanity."" The website also ""catalogues the last four years of increasingly frequent and severe extreme weather events all over the world,"" as well as provides short synopses of scientific findings and offers solutions. Finally, the site ""documents a pervasive and very successful industry campaign of deception and disinformation.""",,0_0
19 Sep 2012 09:58 | by Nick Farrell in Rome,,0_0
"Paper demonstrates the claim made by the IPCC that Himalayan glaciers were retreating at an abnormal rate and would disappear by 2035 was unsubtantiated. Glaciers in the Himalayas, over a period of the last 100 years, behave in contrasting ways, some shrinking, some expanding, some staying about the same. It is premature to make a statement that glaciers in the Himalayas are retreating abnormally because of the global warming.",,1_1
"Agreement 8 is a bilateral between the U.S. and Swedish armed forces to collaborate on environmental protection in defense matters."" The parties seek to share and develop information and technologies to eliminate or reduce the environmental impacts of military bases and operations, mitigate the noise effects of military exercises, and remediate defense-related environmental damages, among other similar purposes.""",,0_0
"The two photos were published across the world with the statement, The blame can be put squarely on human activity. Our addiction to fossil fuels releases millions of tons of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere and this is what is causing temperatures to rise and our future to melt before our eyes.""",,0_0
"According to Donohue and his colleagues, climbing levels of CO2 in the air correlated with an 11 per cent increase in foliage cover from 1982 to 2010 across arid areas in Australia, North America, the Middle East and Africa.",,3_3
Key Tool for the Scare Campaign: Censorship. How bullying critics keep editors from straying.,,0_0
High/Low: Is There Now Reasonable Agreement on the Costs and Benefits of Waxman-Markey?,,0_0
"Date: April 17, 2010 Time: 10:00 am Central DST",,0_0
"???Our planet has been slowly warming since last emerging from the ???Little Ice Age?? of the 17th century, often associated with the Maunder Minimum.",,2_1
"Greenpeace has commissioned a study from Industrial Economics, Inc., looking at the level of federal subsidies to the oil industry. The study claims that in 1995 the federal government subsidized the oil industry to the tune of $11.9 billion per year (adding in the cost of defending the Persian Gulf oil supply raises the figure to $35.2 billion). Though it's a bit of a stretch to classify tax credits (letting people keep their own money) as subsidies, the study does identify some true subsidies that are unwarranted.",,0_0
Be sure to notice the sea level rise rate centered above each graph. Keep in mind that a 30 cm sea level rise in 30 years requires an average of 10 mm per year.,,0_0
"Since we live on land, we often think of manmade global warming as a land surface air temperature concern. But",,0_0
"9 Dec 2011 Australias jet runway in Antarctica is being little used for a second ... risk of melt water damage, which played havoc with the ice runway last ...",,0_0
"The Australian s editors are being attacked for questioning authority. Theyre supposed to be journalists who investigate everything, not a PR agency who promotes an ideology. In reply the Australian could have been roasting the other media agencies...",,0_0
"Even though there is this hiatus in this surface average temperature, were still getting record heat waves, were still getting harsh bush fires it shows we shouldnt take any comfort from this plateau in global average temperatures.",,1_4
"This means that the plateau or pause in global warming has now lasted for about the same time as the previous period when temperatures rose, 1980 to 1996. Before that, temperatures had been stable or declining for about 40 years.",,1_4
"Press Release No:2010/505/ WASHINGTON, June 25, 2010 World Bank President Robert B. Zoellick today announced the appointment of Andrew Steer as Special Envoy for Climate Change, a new position created to ensure focused leadership and representation of the World Bank in the international discussions around climate change.",,0_0
"Ten years later, the very opposite has happened: Germanys CO2 emissions have been increasing, electricity prices have skyrocketed, the green jobs bubble has popped, and tens of thousands of jobs have disappeared. Worse: tens of billions are being redistributed from the poor to the rich.",,4_4
"Waxman-Markey is a bundle of contradictions. It seeks to make carbon energy more expensive but does not ask consumers to pay higher energy pricesat least for the first decade of its operation. Hence, Waxman-Markey allocates 85 percent of the emission rights it creates to existing emitters (coal-fired power plants, electric utilities, and manufacturers) for free, rather than auctioning the emissions permits, as President Obama and environmentalists have long advocated. It seeks a first in economic history: rationing without scarcity or price inflation. Thus, Waxman-Markey allows generous offsets"" so that carbon-based energy does not, in fact, become scarce. The bill does, however, contain a multitude of new regulations, product-efficiency mandates, and spending programs that will require extensive managerial attention from both the public and private sectors, though to much less effect than promised.""",,4_1
"The classification of oil from fracking as unconventional oil shows clearly the ludicrous nature of the dividing line when we are discussing peak oil. Regarding the putative peak, why is oil from a horizontal well unconventional and oil from a vertical well conventional? It is all gotten by technology, and none of it is any more unconventional than the drilling of the first oil well, a most unconventional act ...",,0_0
"JC comment: the detection of the long-term signal from anthropogenic forcing was detected in the AR4 basically for the period 1970 or 1980 to 2000, without account for this: because on decadal time scales anthropogenic effects may be nonmonotonic, regionally dependent, and/or convolved with natural variability .",,0_0
"Instead of seeking greenhouse gas reductions, what we need to foster, as Wildavsky called it, is resilience: the ability to withstand changes, and bounce back from them. We need to encourage others to build their own climate resilience as well. What makes for climate resilience? I would argue that we can establish climate resilience with three efforts.",,4_2
"We have to switch datasets to NOAAs ERSST.v3b for the long-term data. The data for the month of February 2013 will not be available until early in March, so well use the January 2013 value for the most recent temperature anomaly for the New England coastal watersthe red horizontal line. The current anomalies were exceeded by a good amount in the 1940s. And theyve regularly been exceeded as far back as the 1850s and 60s.",,0_0
"Wind generated electricity does not replace electricity from nuclear power stations because these operate at base load, that is they will be working for the whole time that they are available.",,4_4
USADA TO STRIP LANCE ARMSTRONG OF 7 TOUR TITLES,,0_0
"And what about the people? Environmentalists may like to keep development out of the Third World and maintain it as some kind of giant wilderness refuge they can visit now and again, but that is hardly in the best interest of the citizens there. And as for the indigenous tribes, they may like to glamorize the lifestyle and discuss it in terms of the noble savage, but as expressed in The Cross and the Rainforest,"" ""the lifestyle of the rainforest Indian, weaving bodily adornments from leaves and living off nutritious bark and berries, probably holds more charm for white, middle-class environmentalists than it does for the Indians."" (p. 147)""",,0_0
"Last month German whippersnapper meteorologist Dominik Jung, a warmist, predicted here the fourth consecutive bitter winter would grip Central Europe this winter and could strain the energy supply. Looks like well need to burn more coal, and not less.",,0_0
Millard Public Schools will stop using a children's book about global warming but only until the district can obtain copies with a factual error corrected.,,0_0
"colleagues are spending this week as I am: It is the first 100 days landmark,",,0_0
"The dissolution of carbon dioxide in the oceans may lower the pH slightly to about 7.9 or 7.8 by the end of the century at the worst . Environmentalists like to call this a 30 per cent increase in acidity, because it sounds more scary than a 0.3 point (out of 14) decrease in alkalinity, but no matter. It is still well within the bounds of normal variation.",,3_2
"Google Trends: climate crisis"",""watts up with that"" At this point, staking your political career on this hoax is beyond insane.""",,0_0
"The uncertainty in the science makes it difficult for policy-makers to see how much investment is justified, and what kind, says van Scheltinga. Were only beginning to understand how the delta works but we know enough to do a bit better, says Goodbred.",,0_0
Ive added the 5 million square kilometer line for reference.,,0_0
"In addition to leaving General Motors and Chrysler saddled with excessive costs and union ownership , Obama harmed them by radically ratcheting up federal CAFE fuel-economy standards , which affect them more than their foreign competitors. 50,000 jobs could be lost. And his global-warming regulations will destroy countless jobs and cut ??? household purchasing power ,?? reducing auto sales and Chrysler??s chances of survival.",,4_1
"Many of the failed harvests of the past decade were a consequence of weather disasters, like floods in the United States, drought in Australia and blistering heat waves in Europe and Russia. Scientists believe some, though not all, of those events were caused or worsened by human-induced global warming. Completely unmentioned are the many (most?) scientists who believe that evidence is lacking to connect recent floods and heat waves to human-induced global warming."" In fact, the balance of evidence with respect to floods is decidedly contrary to the assertion in the article, and recent heat wave attribution is at best contested. More importantly, even in the face of periodic weather extremes, food prices -- which link supply and demand -- exhibit a long-term downward trend, despite recent spikes .""",,1_7
"Current weather extremes across the Prairies are because of the cooling since 2000. The researchers are going to Chile, Argentina and Colombia. Why? These regions simply experience the same patterns associated with the Southern Hemisphere version of the Polar Front.",,1_4
"The idea that CO2 is the tail that wags the dog is no longer scientifically tenable, said Marc Morano of ClimateDepot.com, a website devoted to countering the prevailing acceptance of man-made global warming.""",,0_0
Extreme drought occurs in Texas during more than 25% of years. Below are all the years since 1900 which experienced Palmer Drought Index extreme drought for at least one month during the year.,,1_7
"Farmers are resilient, but when you cannot even get seed into the ground, its devastating, he said.",,0_0
"Youre probably asking yourself why you should spend $8.00 for a book written by an independent climate researcher. There arent many independent researchers investigating El Nio-Southern Oscillation or its long-term impacts on global surface temperatures. In fact, if you were to perform a Google image search of NINO3.4 sea surface temperature anomalies, the vast majority of the graphs and images are from my blog posts or cross posts of them. Try it. Cut and paste NINO3.4 sea surface temperature anomalies into Google. Click over to images and start counting the number of times you see Bob Tisdale.",,0_0
The admissions will be seized on by sceptics as fresh evidence that there are serious flaws ,,0_0
"While certainly the burning of coal for power generation produces some costs that lie outside the market forces acting to establish the price of electricity, the magnitude of those externalities is anybodys guess. Epstein et al. have extended their wild guess. Last year, the National Research Council extended theirsit was about half that of the Epstein groups best estimate. And, from judicious use of the scientific literature, yet lower estimates can be justified. In fact, there are even some estimates that the externalities from coal-fired electricity may prove to be positive.",,0_0
"Well, science says something different. All these weather events ??? much like the Earth and the Solar System ??? have been around for 4.6 billion years. Up to noisy fluctuations and some potentially understandable, mild, regular, persistent climate cycles, not necessarily periodic ones, nothing has detectably changed about the frequency or probabilistic distributions of these events in the last several thousands of years. If we improve the theory by the glaciation cycles, nothing has changed for one million of years.",,1_7
"The UK had its coldest winter for 13 years , bucking a recent trend of mild temperatures, the Met Office has said.",,1_3
"So when presented with warmer and drier conditions, trees in the Pacific Northwest appear to use less water and therefore the impact on streamflow is reduced, she added. In other parts of the country, forest regrowth after past logging and hurricanes thus far has a more definitive signal in streamflow reduction than have warming temperatures.",,3_2
"German meteorologists say that the start of 2013 is the coldest in 208 years ??? and now German media has quoted Russian scientist Dr Habibullo Abdussamatov from the St. Petersburg Pulkovo Astronomical Observatory, who says it is proof that we are heading for a ???Mini Ice Age.??",,1_2
"And why? Because, they claim, the skeptics have knowingly deceived the American people about the risks of climate change."" It's their contention that certain companies and industries know that their activities are causing global warming, but are determined to cover it up because it would hurt them financially.""",,0_0
"A well-rooted scientific consensus, like a mature oak, usually needs time to emerge. Scientists around the world have to do research, publish articles, read about other research, repeat experiments (where possible), have open debates, make their data and methods available, evaluate arguments, look at the trends, and so forth, before they eventually come to agreement. When scientists rush to declare a consensus, particularly when they claim a consensus that has yet to form, this should give any reasonable person pause.",,0_0
"8.The fight against climate change is the central touchstone for a solidary global society "" No, nobody can fight solar activity.""",,0_0
"A more complex matter is whether mature technologies should be subsidized. My instinctive response is no, but there is a case to be made that if low cost and reliable energy sources can be made even less expensive to homeowners and businesses, then there can be genuine societal and business benefits to be gained from that. Again, this is not the case for wind or solar.",,4_4
"John: Climategate, Copenhagen, conflict of interest, Glaciergate. Blizzards in the northern hemisphere. Anything to do with Climate Change, actually. Its all gone to custard.",,0_0
7) Jared Olar: A Pagan Mindset Informs Global Warmingism,,0_0
Decadal trends in solar irradiance are not yet detectable from uncertainties caused by instrument instabilities in observations: historical irradiance reconstructions are very uncertain,,0_0
"The talk included a lot of classic material about QCD, the spectrum of hadrons, pictures of jets from the LEP, pictures of workers from the LHC - our civilization's answer to the age of pyramids (which is moreover driven by curiosity instead of autocratic rule and vanity), bubbling animations involving the averave topological density Tr (F/\F)"" as a function of space and time computed from lattice QCD, and justifications of the statement that 95% of the observed mass is due to QCD effects. We have also heard various jokes - for example, Frank Wilczek mentioned that the eye was only designed to see distances much longer than 1 fermi. Later he corrected himself that he should have said that the eye had evolved rather than having been designed. ;-)""",,0_0
"This past decades net decline in terrestrial productivity illustrates that a complex interplay between temperature, rainfall, cloudiness, and carbon dioxide, probably in combination with other factors such as nutrients and land management, will determine future patterns and trends in productivity, Wickland said.",,0_0
Did the new president understand that FDR is not the model to emulate in the,,0_0
"In a study published in Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons, Indur Goklany calculated the additional mortality burden of biofuels policies and found that nearly 200,000 people died in 2010 alone, because of efforts to use biofuels to reduce CO2 emissions.",,0_0
"The swirl of praise around Rowling's comments is especially welcome given how widely it was reported and commented uponfrom the proudly left-wing pages of The Guardian in the UK to the enthusiastically conservative Daily Caller here in the U.S. But it is a reminder that we should also be vigilant in standing up against attempts to suppress speech when agreement is less universal and the threat is more immediate. That's why CEI has also been part of numerous coalition efforts to limit the powers of federal agencies and allow the free flow of information and expression, unhampered by illegitimate government searches and surveillance. We hope you'll support our efforts we need as many allies in fighting the abuse of government power as we can get.",,0_0
"Based on the graphical representations of Lhotakova et al .'s findings, we calculate that at the end of the eight-year CO 2 enrichment experiment there was a CO 2 -induced increase in light-saturated net photosynthesis of approximately 115% in the trees' sun-exposed needles and about 55% in their shaded needles; and we likewise calculate that there was an approximate 20% decrease in the mean dark respiration rate of the trees' sun-exposed needles and about 40% in their shaded needles.",,3_3
"Doesn't it also mean there really are safe levels and PM2.5 particles are not really toxic or lethal? Doesn't it mean EPA's draconian standards should be significantly modified, and companies and communities should be compensated for their costs in complying with excessive, unjustified particulate regulations?",,0_0
"No amount of economic or political analysis can contradict the following basic, scientific premises:",,0_0
"Tobacco commission reforms needed, Baliles says:",,0_0
"Even though they have been working on their PhDs for almost five years at OSU, and have about a year to go, Joshua has been forbidden access to the equipment he built for his PhD work, while Bethany has been told she will be dismissed from school. Matthew, who turned down a nearly full ride"" from MIT to go to OSU, has been there for two years but now is waiting for the ax to fall on his work, and on his thesis professor, Dr. Jack Higginbotham, who came to the students' defense.""",,0_0
"When will that day come? When will politicians and activists who say their care about the world's poor stop worrying about global warming, pesticides and GMO crops and start helping us get the energy, food, medical facilities, technology, jobs, and economic growth we need to improve our lives?",,0_0
"Predictions of changes in bushfire 60 years hence are thus equivalent to alchemists attempts to turn lead into gold. These are National Tea-leaf Readers, and they are not only afforded nice salaries and all the accoutrements, but given space in our national news as if they had something remotely useful to say.",,5_2
"And that is how a regulation yielding future changes in temperatures and sea levels approaching zero can be claimed to yield net benefits exceeding $100 billion, making this a highly beneficial rule."" In the EPA's benefit/cost framework, the actual effects of the policies literally are irrelevant; just compute the assumed reduction in GHG emissions, multiply by $36, and voila!""",,0_0
"its government. Four years before ordering the Navy seal mission to take out bin Laden, President Obama basically said how he would",,0_0
"Well, I could go on. And on and on. And on and on and on. Just about every one of the 115 slides presented by Abraham in his shoddy little piece of lavishly-funded venom contains serious, serial, material errors, exaggerations, or downright lies. All I have been able to do here is to give you some flavor of how unscientific, inaccurate, and deliberately mendacious Abraham's video is.",,0_0
"Today, Roger jr asks for a naive forecast for a mystery process providing us a data set and ask us how we would create the naive process. The only thing we know about the data is that observations have been made over some periods of time, our goal is to suggest what we would predict based on knowledge of the past observed behavior. The data might be stock prices, wheat futures, height of Illinois corn on August 9, or anything. We dont know.",,0_0
"Losing Green Jobs September 19, 2010 by Al Gore",,0_0
"Mr. Paulson also maintains that the carbon tax is vital to persuading China to curb its emissions. This claim is crucial, because U.S. emission controls can have only a trivial direct effect on global climate. Since 2005, U.S. emissions have fallen while those of the developing countries have soared. Developing country emissions now exceed those of the entire industrialized world. China is by far the world's biggest emitter. This new reality implies that nothing Washington can do domestically will stop climate change.",,4_2
"There is no certainty regarding when a tipping point might occur, but Vasseur said the processes have already begun, and fishermen and scientists should watch lobsters as an indicator of climate change.",,0_0
"The Readfearn reasoning amounts to saying that Newman is either wrong because he is an old white guy (let??s be ageist, sexist and rascist eh?), or he is wrong because he cited Roy Spencer who is wrong because he??s a Christian. Thus and verily, ergo, ergot and a truffle too, climate sensitivity on Planet Earth is 3.3 degrees C.",,5_2
"Now we have a massive problem. Because of the corrections, the surface measured temperatures (GISS, HadCRUT3) show a trend which no longer agrees with the satellite measurements (RSS, UAH).",,5_1
"Second, all mainstream climate models predict a hotspot, a warming in the upper troposphere (about 10 km or 6 miles up, in the tropics) caused by an ascending water vapor emissions layer, during periods of warming such as the 1980s and 1990s. This is crucial, because two thirds of their predicted warming is from water vapor; only one third is directly due to increasing carbon dioxide. So no hotspot means not much cause for alarm. Our only suitable instruments for detecting the hotspot are weather balloonsthirty million of them since the 1950s, released from hundreds of locations, twice a day. They show no hotspot, and indicate that the water vapor emissions layer descended slightly instead. Satellites are unsuitable because they intrinsically aggregate information from several vertical kilometers into each data point, but the predicted ascent is only tens of meters.",,2_3
"In the end, a global ban on CFCs was enacted based on a theory that continues to be challenged to this day. Chemists remain uncertain of the rate and extent of ozone depletion due to chlorine. In fact, the exact role of atmospheric CFCs remains uncertain. It appears that the primary catalyst of ozone depletion is atmospheric chlorine, and the most atmospheric chlorine by far is out-gassed from the oceans or emitted by volcanoes. Mankind's contribution is miniscule (does this sound familiar?). Further, natural processes have by far the greatest influence on the ozone layer (e.g., solar influence).",,0_0
"RSS is still using the old NOAA-15 satellite which has a decaying orbit, to which they are then applying a diurnal cycle drift correction based upon a climate model, which does not quite match reality.",,5_1
"The progressive aristocracy is every bit as morally reprehensible as the worst of those of the past, for it relies on the existence of an underclass that will provide sufficient votes to keep it in power and motivate the productive class to work hard lest they fall into this unfortunate group. That helps explain why the progressive aristocracy has stood idly by while the schools in the nation's inner cities have deteriorated so badly and thus doomed a large swath of the population to poverty and dependence on the government. This inculcation of ignorance appears to be a matter of truly stupendous cynicism.",,0_0
Defense is one such area; space is another. And the two are closely related.,,0_0
"In the end, the Committee basically took the UEA scientists? word for it, giving them the benefit of the doubt, and saying that the scientists were blameless. Even this committee, however, did find that ?The leaked emails appear to show a culture of non-disclosure at CRU and instances where information may have been deleted to avoid disclosure, particularly to climate change skeptics.? Finding an anti-scientific culture at CRU and also that the CRU?s Director?s reputation remained intact, as the Inquiry did, is political doublespeak of the highest order. Its finding should be viewed in that light.",,5_2
LSU researchers find new information about Snowball Earth period,,0_0
"The Competitive Enterprise Institute was subpoenaed by one of those AGs on April 7, 2016.",,0_0
"Some greens argue that rural parts of Africa may be able to eschew giant power grids and leapfrog into off-grid solar-powered electricity, a bit like Kenya has with mobile banking. But that costs more and it wont power factories. The continent needs both, and those who advocate no support for coal are effectively saying that the adoption of renewable energy is more important than alleviating African poverty.",,0_0
"Analyzed relative to the economy as a whole, the current subprime crisis appears likely to have a significantly smaller overall impact than the S&L; crisis or the housing foreclosures that took place during the Great Depression. Analyzed in isolation, economic statistics mean little. The United States, for example, has more unemployed citizens than does France, even though France has an unemployment rate about twice as high as America's. Raw numbers mean almost nothing: To measure the economic impact of financial events, it is important to look at them in context.",,0_0
"CO2 levels have been 10-20 times higher in the past half-billion years, with no correlation to temperature.",,2_3
"Tool making and communication skills are easily distinguishing features between human beings and other species on this planet. When coupled with a natural curiosity and the ability learn from our mistakes, we have lifted most humans from the vulgar realities of our ancestors existence. For those bent on controlling others, tools and communication must be controlled and manipulated.",,0_0
"National security amounted to an afterthought. He devoted one paragraph eachout of the approximately 110 paragraphs in the speechto Iraq, Afghanistan, and terrorism. It is as if Lincoln had spent most of his Inaugural Addresses on the transcontinental railroad and the Homestead Act.",,0_0
"Dr. Judith Curry, in a very long assessment of lessons learned since Hurricane Katrina in 2005, notes that there is still uncertainty of exact causes of frequency and intensity. But, the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) and the North Pacific Gyre Oscillation (NPGO) have dominant impacts on hurricane variability in the Pacific, and modulates the frequencies of El Nino/La Nina. Curry says, I suspect that the combination of the PDO and NPGO can explain much of the variability in Ryan Maues analysis of Accumulated Cyclone Energy diagram, given that the majority of global hurricanes occur in the Pacific. In the Atlantic, the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO), the North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), and Atlantic Meridional Mode (AMM) have all been invoked to explain variability in the Atlantic",,1_7
"CEI has been a major voice in the climate change debate, debunking many of the facts"" offered by global warming hysterics.""",,0_0
"With all of their fancy equipment, forecasters can??t predict an historic ice storm just a few hours in advance ?? and you want me to believe that the IPCC can predict what??s going to happen a hundred years from now?",,5_1
"But for 18 years, despite the Met Offices increasingly desperate attempts to claim otherwise, those cussed temp-eratures have simply refused to rise in tandem, as their computer models predicted they should have done.",,1_4
"Brian: Senator Wong, thanks for joining us and may I add how lovely you look tonight.",,0_0
"I wont ask for a correction or apology, but please understand that",,0_0
"Happer mentions that 12,000 years ago, the Earth cooled and warmed by 10 degrees in just 50 years. Kraken says that the temperature change wasn't global: well, most of the important temperature changes are not global, either. The temperature change in the last 100 years isn't global, either: 30% of the HadCRUT3 stations display an overall cooling trend. This fact only reinforces Happer's point: the climate has always been changing and the life on Earth easily dealt with many and many degrees of temperature change, even in short periods of time.",,2_1
"ICSC Chief Science Advisor Professor Bob Carter of James Cook University in Australia adds, ?Whether it?s warming or cooling is entirely a function of the length of the piece of climate string you choose to cut off.?",,0_0
Ben you are gonna need a bigger sick bag,,0_0
"Nor do I agree with Osborns claim that CA readers have the impression that any of Scenario A, Scenario B or Polar Urals were more reasonable chronologies. It is my impression that CA readers are far more negative to tree ring chronologies than I am. And that rather than endorsing Scenario A or Polar Urals, the prevalent attitude is: none of the above. Its not that these scenarios have been promoted, but that specialists have been untroubled by the inconsistencies. Briffa et al 2013 at least concedes the existence of the inconsistencies, but unfortunately, CRU are hopelessly incapable of carrying out the requisite statistical analysis (which is not easy).",,0_0
"A period of high global temperatures near the beginning of the last millennium closely matches the warming witnessed, about one degree Fahrenheit, during the 20th century, according to a new study in the March 22 issue of Science.",,0_0
"They say a team of scientists has irrefutable proof of a large colony of platypuses, living under the site and they have called on Environment Minister Desley Boyle to intervene to stop construction of the supermarket.",,0_0
"The point is more than semantic, because Fonte is not simply defending national sovereignty in the abstract (and indeed the concept has a plethora of sometimes contradictory definitions). Instead, he is defending how America has developed the concept, resting on the Constitution's opening phrase, We the People.""",,0_0
MV Akademik Shokalskiy (file photo) from expeditionsonline.com click image for details,,0_0
Physics students reveal bias for male lecturers (SciAm) Swimming against the unseen tide (Physics World) What has actually happened? Actors and actresses were asked to become physics teachers for a while. The men got much higher ratings from the male students; the women have received just slightly higher ratings from the female students.,,0_0
"Then this one has the cop in charge having participated in a crisis training drill, so clearly he could have staged one. OK, and I guess anyone who trains for nuclear preparation could start a nuclear war too?",,0_0
"In 20th- and 21st-century simulations, antarctic sea ice cover is projected to decrease more slowly than in the Arctic (Figures 10.13 c,d and 10.14 ), particularly in the vicinity of the Ross Sea where most models predict a local minimum in surface warming. This is commensurate with the region with the greatest reduction in ocean heat loss, which results from reduced vertical mixing in the ocean (Gregory, 2000).",,0_0
UPDATE2: Gosh. Shouldnt Dr. Cullen know more than McKibben and Brad Johnson?! (h/t to Marc Morano) Anthony,,0_0
"In the Oklahoma summer, the scattered-light effect measured by the researchers could be quite large. For example, if a cloud passed over the instrument, the measured cloudy sky brightness exceeded calculated clear sky value by up to 30 percent. Kassianov attributes that large difference to scattered sunlight being caught on tape"" by the radiometer.""",,0_0
"Tonight's tips music features the most famous guitar riff in rock 'n' roll history, and a sound that was to become a musical template in the decades to follow: Here's Chuck Berry - who'll be 87 next month - playing and singing on the original recording of Johnny B. Goode . The comments thread is open, as always, for your Reader Tips.",,0_0
"When a court decision leads to ?absurd results,? there are only two possibilities. One is that the court brought to light a flaw previously hidden in the statute. The other is that the court misread the statute.",,0_0
"ar1.lik< -function(b,y=x,t=Year) -arima(y-b*t, order=c(1,0,0),method=ML"")$loglik""",,0_0
"The American economy is growing roughly twice as fast as Europe's. President Bush's re-election will put more pressure on EU leaders to consider adopting more business-friendly policies; it is evident that Bush's embrace of free, competitive markets, low taxes and light regulatory touch underpin the U.S.'s widening comparative advantage in the biotech and pharmaceutical sectors. In fact, the greatest challenge Mr. Bush poses to the security of European leaders is not in foreign policy but in economics.",,0_0
"10 C is the most common base for GDD calculations, however, the optimal base is often determined experimentally based on the lifecycle of the plant or insect in question.",,0_0
"Now, does that mean you must be heartless about such folks? Not at all. Id suggest that you send caravans of busses through those area and offer a one time one way trip to a shelter that has warmth and light. There ought to be plenty of those that are not in the mile or two coastal areas. YOU could also offer a bulk purchase of portable generators (cost to be added to their property taxes) and a daily fuel truck to deliver fuel (credit cards accepted). That could be done by contracting with larger vendors (perhaps even out of state, so not affected by the storm). Likely you could be up and running inside a day or two.",,0_0
"Just a few steps later and a Google of Broadness Salt Marsh and I had the picture and all the information required to see that this weather station is a dud. Note the banking, brick power building with ventilation equipment and the weather station.",,0_0
"U.S. employment growth ground to a halt in June, with employers hiring the fewest number of workers in nine months, dampening hopes the economy was on the cusp of regaining momentum after stumbling in recent months.",,0_0
the vetting process for potential Cabinet and sub-Cabinet members before the,,0_0
"And the good news reported by Pan et al. that the terrestrial carbon sink continues to expand, is also not particularly shocking. After all, we have known (and reported here at World Climate Report ) for some time that the percentage of anthropogenic CO2 emitted each year that actually stays in the atmosphere has remained pretty constant for several decades, despite ever-rising CO2 emissions from human activities. In order for that to be the case, the earths total (land + ocean) carbon sink must be expanding. And as we know that CO2 makes plants grow faster, better, stronger, more nutritious, more water use efficient, etc. , is seems only reasonable to expect that the terrestrial carbon sink in the worlds forest systems is expanding.",,3_3
"The UK's HadCRUT global temperature dataset indicates a global cooling trend of -0.2C/century over last 15 years, plus May 2012 was slightly cooler - the global warming science facts, per the IPCC's own gold-standard",,1_4
Q&A; WITH FRANK WOLAK ON U.S. COAL EXPORTS AND CLIMATE CHANGE,,0_0
"I'm not so sure. It's disturbing to see people who have some scientific knowledge, and probably know better, use opposition to GMOs to raise money and garner publicity. Dr. Oz and the Food Babe are after ratings and Internet traffic, and perhaps they haven't taken time to understand the science. But some of the major environmental groups and leading food journalists understand the science, and they still won't admit what is patently true: the methods we use to genetically engineer plants are perfectly safe and offer great hope for our ability to continue increasing the production of food.",,0_0
"This is not borne out by the known major aberrant events, however. They show that the Earth system is quite tolerant to large swings in atmospheric CO 2 concentrations. Furthermore, even when perturbed by sizable injections of greenhouse gases, be it CO 2 or the more potent CH 4 , the climate recovers fairly rapidly (at least in geological terms). History also indicates that equatorial temperatures do not rise significantly when the globe warms, rather the majority of the warming is seen at higher latitudes and the poles. This makes senselife has gotten on marvelously with much higher temperatures than today and no ice sheets at the poles.",,3_1
Ill show below some actual results from Mann et al 2005 to confirm the validity of this reply.,,0_0
SciAm: Effective World Government Will Be Needed to Stave Off Climate Catastrophe,,0_0
"Here are four energy wishes for 2014, and four rebuttals to those who want America to focus on green energy.",,0_0
"Read here . The IPCC, its climate models and its Climategate scientists have become infamous for flat-out, dreadful, incorrect climate predictions. A prominent prediction of an increase in severe weather due to global warming (ie, climate change) was made long ago, yet all the empirical research keeps confirming the lack of an increase. (click on image for more info)",,1_7
"South Korea's liberal opposition, bolstered by the under-40s and power of social media, could spring a surprise win in this week's parliamentary elections despite opinion polls that show it tied with the ruling conservatives.",,0_0
"It seems it is not just the UK that has had a run of cold winters. NoTricksZone reports that Germany has had exactly the same run of 5 cold winters, and, as they point out, what applies to Germany usually applies to much of Central Europe.",,1_3
"Advantages: a) Appear more trustworthy, b) reduce error, c) reduces uncertainty in the mean results.",,0_0
Consistent with these historical observations are the reported experimental studies 9 that show that calciferous marine organisms are much more immune to the effects of ocean acidification than is usually supposed. In fact these experiments suggest that even for some of the extreme projections of ocean acidification most of the organisms are likely to survive or adapt.,,3_2
"As can be seen from the aerial video above, shot right after the tornado moved through just south of Mayflower, Arkansas, on Sunday evening, the devastation was wide spread (video credit: Brian Emfinger). As tragic as this event was, and as selfless and heroic as the efforts of Arkansans to help their fellow citizens has been, there are still a number of lowlifes who cannot help but use this disaster to further their own agenda. I am, of course, referring to the human scum who waited less than a day to proclaim global warming as the cause of this tragedy. Let me set the record straight: Tornadoes have not increased in frequency, intensity or normalized damage",,1_7
Non-Existent Cold Arctic Air Makes Winter Cold,,0_0
The EPA enjoyed substantial administrative policy and budget independence during its early years. This rapidly began to change when President Clinton came into office with an alleged pre-election deal to appoint an assistant administrator from the Sierra Club who carefully and methodically removed the policy office's independent analytical integrity.,,0_0
"Much text is given the Landsea-Trenberth kerfuffle regarding hurricanes and the AR4. Laframboise doesnt quite capture the complexity of this issue, and she mistakenly states If not a single hurricane expert thinks theres a link between hurricanes and global warming, how can it possible be OK for an IPCC senior author who is not a hurricane expert to make statements to the contrary at a press conference? The press conference in question occurred in Spring 2005 when Emanuel was working on his paper (and the press conference motivated Webster to start working on this topic). By the time of the 2007 IPCC report, the IPCC did draw reasonabley responsible conclusions with a substantial degree of uncertainty.",,0_0
"So, here?s a list of basic climate change questions, and brief answers based upon what I know today. I might update them as I receive suggestions and comments. I will also be adding links to other sources, and some visual aids, as appropriate.",,0_0
"Working Group 2 of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change recently released the final version of its contribution to the IPCC Fifth Assessment Report: Climate Change 2014: Impacts, Adaptation, and Vulnerability. The WG2 report contains 1,731 pages of text, figures, boxes, footnotes and references, the first 832 of which list every negative impact climate change is having or could conceivably have on the Earth, its physical state, its ecosystems and the people who populate it. I doubt that anyone has ever read it from beginning to end. I certainly havent.",,0_0
"Murphy, who is senior economist with the Institute for Energy Research, testifed before the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works concerning the White House's recent estimate of the social costs"" of carbon emissions. Murphy notes, ""the public and policymakers have not been fully informed on what the economics profession actually has to say about climate change. Before justifying economically damaging regulations by reference to 'the' social cost of carbon, policymakers must realize the dubious nature of this concept."" Estimation of a ""social cost of carbon,"" or SCC, relies on computer models that can produce a wide range of results depending on the assumptions fed into them.""",,0_0
"Due to the damaging effects green energy has had on Germany's grid, the government plans to cap the total amount of wind energy at 40 to 45 percent of national capacity, according to a report published last month by the German newspaper Berliner Zeitung. By 2019, Germany will get rid of 6,000 megawatts of wind power capacity.",,0_0
To understand the scale of the revision that had taken place compare the two graphs below. The one on the left is diagram 7c from page 202 of the 1990 IPCC report in which the Medieval Warm Period was portrayed as clearly warmer than the present. On the right is the Hockey Stick graph from the 2001 IPCC report in which the Medieval Warm Period and the Little Ice Age have all but disappeared and the recent climate history is dominated by a rapid temperature rise in the last 20th century.,,5_1
"For example, for a 0.2 m moist soil layer (about 8 inches thick), starting at 80 deg. F, the rate of energy loss over 12 hours is enough to cool that soil layer down to 25 deg. F.IF you dont assume any downwelling IR from the sky (the SDS-recommended setting):",,0_0
"Apparently, global warming is now irreversible. Or, at least, it is if you don't consider any of the policy options that might, you know, reverse it. As Roger Pielke Jr points out, the study didn't examine the potential for geoengineering:",,0_0
"Within a capitalist world order, climate change is actually a convenient phenomenon to come along.",,0_0
"But for the last 15 years, Earths surface temperatures have failed to rise, despite rising atmospheric carbon dioxide. All climate models predicted a rapid rise in global temperatures, in conflict with actual measured data. Todays models are often unable to predict weather conditions for a single season, let alone long-term climate trends.",,5_1
"The idealizations of nature remain powerful today. Much of the leftist critique of globalized capitalism recycles with a veneer of Marxist theory the demonization of technology and industrialism that first appears in the myth of the Iron Age. All natural,"" ""organic,"" and ""no GMO"" are labels that savvy marketers use to sell food. And of course, the stock-in-trade of dystopian science fiction is the mad scientist whose unnatural creations threaten to destroy the earth and the human race.""",,0_0
"First, the largest group of balls imply deflation of 0.38 psi using the Non-Logo gauge an amount that, by coincidence, is exactly equal to the bias between Andersons Logo Gauge and Non-Logo gauge. An alternative explanation for these particular observations is that these balls were measured pregame using the Logo gauge.Exponent (and the NFL) rejected the possibility of Logo gauge initialization of Patriot balls, because Andersons pregame measurements were more or less consistent with pregame measurements by the two teams themselves. This topic has been discussed before. Ill return to it after discussing the other groups.",,0_0
",..0.85 Watts per meter squaredis the imbalance at the end of the decade.",,0_0
"Quoting one journalist, a George Mason University analysis found that U.S. media outlets pretty much agree that climate change is real, its happening, and were responsible. That debate is over. As a result, critics are no longer being interviewed, the study said. In the view of mainstream media outlets, seeking or presenting both sides on the climate issue is a false balance. At least one news organization now has an explicit editorial policy discouraging reporters from quoting climate change deniers in environment or science coverage, the Washington Examiner noted.",,5_2
"When President Obama announced on March 31 that he intends to ensure that the U.S. will slash its ?greenhouse gas emissions? 26% below 2005 emissions levels by 2025 in order to keep pledges made to fulfill the U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change, he failed to mention that such levels would be comparable to what they were in our Civil War era, 150 years ago.",,0_0
"I don't want to get into the debate about climate change. But I'll simply point out that I think in academia we all agree that the temperature on Mars is exactly as it is here. Nobody will dispute that. Yet there are no coal mines on Mars. There's no factories on Mars that I'm aware of. Kentucky state Sen. Brandon Smith (fact-check: the average temperature on Mars is -81 degrees).""",,0_0
"Higgins? campaign reminds me of a banner at a climate-change demo a few years ago which said ?trees don?t rape?. The message here is the same: nature is pure, innocent, helpless, while man is repugnant, exploiting, violent. That is, every man who is not already a diehard green, that apparently enlightened kind of individual who assumes he has the right to tell the rest of us that we need to venerate nature, or else.",,0_0
"Agreement 1 is a bilateral side agreement with Mexico included in the North American Free Trade Agreement to secure that treaty's approval by Congress. The side agreement established the Border Environment Cooperation Commission-National Development Bank program, which is currently budgeted at $7.1 million annually.",,0_0
"If we can have gas safely in this country that will mean jobs, tax revenue and greater energy security so fracking is not the evil thing that some people try to make it out to be, he said.",,4_5
"Talks imploded Thursday between DFL Gov. Mark Dayton and Republican legislative leaders in the final hours before a midnight deadline, and Minnesota began a historic government shutdown.",,0_0
"These findings are but another common example of an important aspect of earth's climate and how it operates: it oscillates back and forth between centennial-scale intervals of relative cold and warmth with a full-period temporal mean of approximately 1500 years (see Climate Oscillations (Millennial Variability) in our Subject Index). Viewed in this light, the development of the Current Warm Period over the past century or so is readily recognized to be nothing more than the most recent - and expected - manifestation of this natural cycling of earth's climate; and this knowledge suggests that our current relative warmth is likely not a response to the historical increase in the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration. It is a totally independent phenomenon. Reviewed 22 August 2007",,2_1
"none of the AR4 models simulates the overall brightening of the Earth system. The majority of the models show a loss of radiative energy by the tropical energy in the post-Pinatubo period, suggesting that the models have still not properly captured the feedbacks between temperature change and clouds.",,5_1
"The nearly $300 billion (over five-years) Farm Bill simply paid off every special interest. Farmers got their direct payments, their counter-cyclical payments, their price support loan amounts, their disaster funds, etc. Some producers who weren't subsidized before the fruit, vegetable, and nut producers got some gobs of R&D; money that opens the door to future subsidies. The bill includes what was lauded as the first-ever livestock title,"" another group that wasn't subsidized before.""",,0_0
"Averaged over the two years of experimentation, elevated CO 2 increased crop yield by 15% in the dry soil moisture plots, but had no effect on the yield of plants grown in plots receiving adequate levels of soil moisture.",,3_3
"In an unrecorded voice vote, the House of Representatives voted down a proposed amendment to keep people who lied on their loan applications from receiving federal bailout money. The vote was unrecorded so that liberal lawmakers in conservative districts (who camouflage themselves as supposedly-conservative Blue Dog' Democrats) could hide their vote from their constituents. The stimulus package funds groups like ACORN, which helped spawn the mortgage crisis by promoting ""liar loans,' and which has an extensive history of financial fraud and vote fraud.""",,0_0
"Third, there's the risk of waste disposal. Despite the fact that the federal government identified Yucca Mountain in Nevada as a nuclear-waste site over two decades ago and rate payers have long funded work at the site, the earliest opening date at Yucca is still at least 10 years away, assuming no delays from litigation, permitting or technical glitches.",,0_0
"While ACESA would be more efficient without its regulatory provisions, the design of the cap-and-trade program is also troubling. Namely, the emission reductions are more stringent and faster than most economic analysis recommends.",,0_0
"High volume pumps from as far as Nottingham have been deployed to tackle the huge wood chippings blaze, which started on Monday morning",,0_0
"The 2001 Third Assessment Report contained a graph contradicting the First Report by falsely abolishing the medieval warm period, which, like the Roman, Minoan, and Holocene optima, and 7500 of the past 11,400 years, and each of the four previous interglacial warm periods, and most of the past 600 million years, was warmer than today. Some 800 scientists from more than 460 institutions in 42 countries over 25 years have written peer-reviewed, learned papers providing evidence that the Middle Ages were warmer than today.",,2_1
"And, finally, piloting the intellectual caboose was the ineffable Allison Macfarlane, now a professor at GWU, and the former chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, an amazing fact given her performance at the event. At some point the topic of climate policy emerged, and Ms. Macfarlane made her view clear that reductions in carbon"" emissions are necessary.""",,0_0
"These are not the only data sets that point to unambiguous warming. Night time marine air temperatures (NMAT) measured on ships show warming. Also, a recent study analyzed the weather using only sea surface temperature and sea level pressure observations. The resulting temperatures over land produced a trend of +0.4 F/decade.",,0_0
"So far this year there have been 1,651 record daily minimum temperatures recorded at all 862 US HCN stations continuously active since 1930, compared to 1,394 record maximums.",,1_3
"Well. So much for the Warmest Ever! hype. Nature, all on its own, made the Arctic so much warmer than today that all sorts of tundra turned into forests. Then we started getting colder, with cyclical wetter / drier events. Not a lot of CO2 activity then.",,2_1
"In addition, this instrument, a spectral radiometer at DOE's Atmospheric Radiation Measurement Climate Research Facility located on the southern Great Plains in Oklahoma, allowed the team to calculate what the brightness would be if the day sported a cloudless, blue sky. The spectral measurements taken by the radiometer can be converted into the amount and properties of aerosols. Then aerosol properties can be used to calculate clear blue sky brightness.",,0_0
"The Academy authors must have found it hard to carry off, with a straight face, this fiction of perfect knowledge. The paper itself acknowledges that there are significant uncertainties in the impact of water vapor, clouds, aerosols, the carbon cycle, the sun, the catch-all internal fluctuations etc (the Academy doesnt even mention the king-sized uncertainties about the influence of multi-decadal Pacific and Atlantic oscillations). And whatever validation of the models occurred with respect to past temperatures, it was achieved by endless tweaking of parameters using the benefits of hindsight.",,5_1
"Indeed, there is no evidence that hurricanes are intensifying anyway. For the North Atlantic as a whole, according to the United Nations Environment Programme of the World Meteorological Organization: Reliable data since the 1940s indicate that the peak strength of the strongest hurricanes has not changed, and the mean maximum intensity of all hurricanes has decreased.""",,0_0
"In their determination to reduce GHG emissions in the near term rather than the long term, climate campaigners could have achieved a vastly better result with less cost and little bureaucracy through a simple, revenue-neutral $15-per-ton carbon tax. But perhaps the creation of a vast energy bureaucracy is really the main point of the exercise. After all, a $15 carbon tax will only generate, according to several models, about a 10 percent decrease in CO2 emissions by 2020, which is more than Waxman-Markey will deliver. But it will still be far short of the goal the climate campaigners seek of an 83 percent reduction by 2050, implying that future carbon taxes would have to be much higher. But this also points to the inevitability of turning our policy attention to measures other than carbon suppression, such as geoengineering or air capture""that is, technical methods of removing carbon content from the air.""",,0_0
"I want of adhesion uppmrksamheten p to frfattarna writes observation based on the new, better vrdena p klimatknslighet they consider that the IPCC should be reported. In frra inlgget I wrote that klimatknsligheten not is an adaptation parameter. The erhlles usually as a result of a series of GMO or CMIP modellberkningar made for different CO 2 percents. Since the beginning of the 2000s, however, had the ambition to make klimatknslighetstmningar which is based on observation. You can now with satellites mta both incoming solinstrlning and Closing vrmestrlning, while also meets global mean surface temperature. If you also can appreciate the vrmemngd stored in the oceans during the same period, one can calculate a an observed ECS value on the time scale mtningen covers. You can imagine that there is a svrighet with both mtning and time constants whether to include vrmelagring in the oceans is happening much lngsamt.",,0_0
"All in all, the notion of ?post-normal science? seems like a complete contradiction in terms or a perversion of the standard definition of science as commonly understood. It appears to be an elaborate and dishonest attempt to pass off the preferences of a single group as some kind of pseudo-science. There?s a much simpler term for this dishonest phrase: politics.",,0_0
"After a comprehensive examination of the peer-reviewed literature, the author concludes that there is a tendentious use of evidence by the IPCC, revealing a systematic tendency of the climate establishment to engage in a variety of stylized rhetorical techniques that seem to oversell what is actually known about climate change while concealing fundamental uncertainties and open questions regarding many of the key processes involved in climate change"" (1).""",,5_2
"It tells us so little while saying so much. The paper tells us, by the figures in Table 2, that sea levels could rise from anywhere between 300 mm and 2200 mm, but Table 3 tells us that, relevant to coastal planning the range could be from 120 mm to 1900 mm.",,5_1
#ar1 0.0459 198.5281 -0.0804 0.1698 -0.0577 0.1478 0.1251,,0_0
"Since the piece ran, it has come to light that some of the documents the Times cited were obtained by an activist who, by his own admission, perpetrated a fraud on Heartland.One of the documents, a purported cover memo, is now widely regarded as wholly fabricated a view supported by what both we and Heartland have separately told the paper.",,5_2
"Whether Spencer is right or wrong, the claim CO2 is not the only cause of the warming is different than, humans are not to blame for the increase . Mann??s portrayal is a clear exaggeration of what his source actually says.",,5_2
"UK Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne confirmed Wednesday that his previously announced financial initiatives to revitalise the UK North Sea oil and gas industry will go ahead, and also said he would remove the climate change levy in his first budget since the Conservatives won the UK general election in May. -- Alliance News, 8 July 2015",,0_0
"11 EPA, National Air Pollutant Trends, 1900-1998, Executive Summary.",,0_0
"K. M. Murphy, ?Some Simple Economics of Climate Change,? Paper at the Mont-Pelerin Society General Meeting, Tokyo, September 2008.",,0_0
"Listing the bears under the Endangered Species Act is the wrong move at this time. My decision is based on a comprehensive review by state wildlife officials of scientific information from a broad range of climate, ice and polar bear experts.",,3_2
"Some of the organizers of ?Planet under Pressure? are founding their plea on the notion that we (as humanity) have entered the ?Anthropocene?: a new geological era in which humans- not natural conditions- are the main drivers of geological and meteorological processes. Citing a website devoted to this concept, Martin Rees of the Royal Society stated at the conference:",,0_0
"Harrelson batted cleanup, encouraging the crowd that America's youth are not a lost cause on climate and energy issues and then detailing how CFACT is successfully educating and mobilizing college students from coast to coast as part of its Collegians program.",,0_0
"After all, the pols know that both party bases will be there, with predictable results and that what they need to do is persuade the persuadables. This means a sharper focus on the big issues that concern them and the country, from budgets to energy and climate change to education and jobs, and more moderate rhetoric, since fiery words will turn away moderate voters.",,0_0
"The population around the Laverton station has changed significantly since the station was first opened. ABS statistics indicate a population increase from 7853 in 1933 to over 132,000 in 2008. It is also clear from aerial photographs that there has been significant urban development around the station since its inception, with significant growth in residential development over the last three decades.",,5_1
"None of these dynamics (save perhaps the state of scientific understanding) are going to change, and I'm against waste, so, I'd argue that it's time to look past mitigation, and explore what adaptation to climate change means.",,0_0
"Finally, I also have to note that perhaps this will have some significant impacts on the question of AGW Model validation. Changes in relative heating with altitude are part of their predictions, and here we have them driven by the sun. So how long until those models are updated and we can see what they predict project next? Somehow I think Im seeing a bit of a spanner in the works moment in the modelers future",,5_1
"Capitol Climate Actiona coalition of radical environmental and other far-left activist groupsheld what it termed a massive"" anti-coal protest in front of the power plant that supplies the U.S. Capitol on Monday, March 2. Six to seven hundred protesters marched down the street and shouted amidst a major snowfall. The Capitol Police were out in force, yet the organizers failed in their efforts to provoke them into arresting the demonstrators.""",,0_0
"Actual sea level rises to date, may be somewhere between 1.4mm per year (Sceptic scientists) and 1.7mm per year (IPCC position). In calculating the prediction errors, the IPCC figure has been used. The errors would be larger if the sceptical scientists figure was used. These figures assume that the natural sea rises are included in their predictions.",,0_0
Elegant. Simple. But what would Coase make of the idea? Mankiw's other writings suggests he assumes prohibitively high transaction costs for a property-rights solution to climate change. Imagine assigning global atmospheric property rights and trying to calculate gain and loss. Seems sort of silly. Maybe the Coase theorem doesn't apply in this case.,,0_0
"While science can inform policymakers, it can't determine policy. Policymakers must do cost/benefit analysis, taking into account tradeoffs, such as balancing risks from climate change against those from poverty, and as Hans von Storch points out, judgments of the value of costs versus benefits is a highly subjective, value-laden calculation.""",,0_0
"At the end of the Eemian Period, for example, the climate descended from a period of warmth as warm as, or even warmer than today??s, into full-blown glaciation in less than 20 years.",,2_1
Goklany: How Fossil Fuels Save Humanity from Nature and Nature from Humanity,,4_5
"Their analysis proved prescient. Bill Clinton, campaigning as a New Democrat, captured the White House in 1992. And Republicans finally broke through and won a majority in the House in 1994.",,0_0
"The sun is almost completely blank, meteorologist Paul Dorian notes . Virtually no sunspots darken the blinding yellow orb. The main driver of all weather and climate has gone quiet again during what is likely to be the weakest sunspot cycle in more than a century. Not since February 1906 has there been a solar cycle with fewer sunspots.",,2_1
"And to drive the point home, Figure 4 is a graph of the January sea surface temperatures (not anomalies) for the New England coastal waters from 1854 to 2013. Sea surface temperatures were much warmer during the 1930s and 40s.",,0_0
"The author writes that in the context of global climate change, urban warming can bias results obtained for background monitoring, as many of the observatories that have been in operation for a long time are located in cities."" Nevertheless, and in spite of this fact, Fujibe notes that the IPCC (2007) has suggested that ""the globally averaged temperature trend is hardly affected by urbanization."" What was done""",,5_1
"Sadly, the page with the current conditions (click the body temperature"" link above) tells us that today in the morning, Ann Daniels spent several hours by ""sitting at"" and pre-heating a dead battery from the previous day instead of the correct, fresh one. ;-) On the positive side, she could finally throw away her sledging jacket for some time, one of the 15 or so pieces of clothes she wears.""",,0_0
Britain's winter ends tomorrow with further indications of a striking environmental change: snow is starting to disappear from our lives.,,0_0
"An investigation by Dr Benny Peiser, director, Global Warming Policy Foundation, has revealed that only 13 of the 1,117, or a mere 1 per cent of the scientific papers crosschecked by him, explicitly endorse the consensus as defined by the IPCC. Thus the very basis of the claim of consensus on global warming is false. And so deeply entrenched is the global warming lobby, the prestigious journal Science did not publish a letter that Dr Peiser wrote pointing out the lack of consensus.",,5_1
"Senator McCain said of his measure, This is an issue of worldwide importance. We will get another vote and see if there is any temperature change in the Senate this spring."" McCain acknowledged that there is little, if any support for his bill in the U.S. House of Representatives. (Environmental News Service)""",,0_0
"All the while, the Obama administration is crippling Americas future economic growth with these regulations while our economic competitors forge ahead at making energy prices predictable, cheap and attractive for doing business.",,4_1
"The Reynolds OI.v2 sea surface temperature data presented in this post is available through the NOAA NOMADS website , or through the KNMI Climate Explorer .",,0_0
"Washington, DC, May 25, 1999 The Environmental Protection Agency continues to peddle unfounded fears about global warming and sea level rise even though there is no evidence to support such scares, according to the Competitive Enterprise Institute. This week the EPA is sponsoring conferences in Miami and Marathon, Florida to discuss the impacts of global warming on Southern Florida and the Florida Keys, and to discuss solutions to the alleged problem.",,5_2
"I cannot reconcile Gordon's claim with the actual data on the US economy. The data on growth rates (from BEA and US Census , which Gordon has confirmed to me as the correct datasets to use) shows the following rates of change in per capita GDP growth at the break points identified by Gordon:",,0_0
"Here . Excerpts: But after years of gentle coaxing by his wife, Cambria Gordon, a writer and environmental activist, he has officially gone green. ... My wife Cambria is a longtime global-warming activist who wrote a book with Laurie David called The Down-to-Earth Guide to Global Warming."" ... To be honest, there are skeptics on the writing staff who aren't embracing this challenge with the same vigor as me. I respect all points of view among our writers. We do argue a lot at lunchtime.""",,0_0
"The U.S. government has 15 different agencies overseeing food-safety laws, more than 20 separate programs to help the homeless and 80 programs for economic development.",,0_0
"In war and in science, the bloodiest conflicts always seem to be the religious ones. Time for the American public to say it's no longer going to play the victim in this one.",,0_0
Uprooting State's Crop Bullies Would Benefit S.D. County,,0_0
"A plethora of peer reviewed studies provide absolute confirmation that prior periods were indeed warmer than our modern era; that both warming and cooling affected the entire globe and not just the European/North Atlantic region; and, that the significant prior climate change was entirely natural, not from human CO2 emissions.",,2_1
3) The August ice extent in the Eastern area has been more than halved over the past 80 yr. A similar meltback has not been observed since the temperature optimum during the eighteenth century. This retrospective comparison indicates accordingly that the recent reduction of the ice extent in the Eastern area is still within the variation range observed over the past 300 yr.,,2_1
One Response to The Royal Society: From Science to Fiction,,0_0
As to the Arctic here on Earth: there are more polar bears and walrus now than recorded ever before and they dont look to be starving.,,3_2
"Equally important, the big computer models of global weather patterns have cut their projections of warming from about 5 degrees Celsius to less than 2 degrees Celsius.",,5_1
"Irrespective of soil nitrogen status and air temperature, increases in the air's CO 2 content produced large increases in soybean biomass, as well as soybean seed concentrations of twelve major isoflavones. Hence, it can be appreciated that as the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration continues to rise in the years and decades ahead, both the amount and the potency of important health-promoting properties of soybean seeds will be significantly enhanced, providing huge benefits to humanity. References",,3_3
"As you can see, rather than increasing, the rate of sea level rise has dropped in recent years. And while it may well start to rise again, it is certainly not accelerating as the AGW hypothesis requires.",,1_6
A Busted El Nino and the New Weather Norm,,0_0
Moreover producing ethanol from corn by fermentation also produces more carbon dioxide during the fermentation process. And then the dilute ethanol produced by fermentation (about 12%) has to be concentrated using a distillation process which requires more energy and more emissions. Burning ethanol rather than petrol thus probably increases the production of carbon dioxide.,,4_4
"There are theories see e.g. the Milankovitch cycle but they have no quantitative predictive value and the actual causal mechanism is far from clear. So we do not know what the temperature outside should be, with and/or without CO 2. We do know historically that the Little Ice Age that ended around 200 years ago was tied for the coldest century long stretch of the entire Holocene that is, the coldest for the last 11,000 or so years (where it might surprise you to learn that the Holocene Optimum was between 1.5 and 2 C warmer than it is today, without CO 2).",,2_1
"In contrast, giving short shrift to the GCR-cloud theory is a lesser problem. So long as the IPCC??s predictive scheme attributes recent warming to solar activity in accordance with past patterns it isn??t a big deal whether a particular solar-temperature mechanism is modeled or not. At least the known explanatory variables are not being omitted and we are down to second order errors instead of first order errors.",,2_1
"Like other wind energy projects, Cape Wind is dependent on the PTC extension. It is time for everyone who opposes government intervention in markets to contact his or her representativesas Mary Kay Barton didand voice opposition to the PTC extension. Call and say: Stop supporting wind energy. It is an inefficient system that leads to perverse outcomes. The massive expansion of wind energy that we've seen in the past six years would not survive on a level playing field.""",,0_0
"In other words, each proxy may have its distinct frequency response function, which could confuse the interpretation of climate variability. Finally, another concern is the lack of understanding of the air-sea relationship at the multidecadal timescale, even in the reasonably well observed region of the North Atlantic (Hkkinen 2000, Seager et al. 2000, Marshall et al. 2001, Slonosky & Yiou 2001, von Storch et al. 2001).",,5_1
"So, the bottom line here is thisclimate change in the U.S. during the past 50 years has resulted in fewer extreme nighttime low temperatures, while the daily extreme high temperatures have been little affected. And, at least one leading climate model fails to correctly capture this behavior.",,5_1
"The conference opened with a speech by German Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder, who called for ratification of the Kyoto Protocol by 2002. He told the delegates that the industrialized nations must set an example for developing countries. Michael Zammit Cutajar, executive secretary of the convention, applauded Schroeder's speech and that the proposal is an encouraging goal"" (Greenwire, October 26, 1999).""",,0_0
"The investigation into the alleged global warming data fraud by Virginias Attorney General may soon have a whole new angle. This comes from a previously overlooked connection between discredited tree-ring proxy researcher, Michael Mann and Yales now deceased climate professor, Barry Saltzman.",,5_2
"But no matter how cold it gets, global-warming adherents insist its all part and parcel of what they believe to be abnormal and soon-to-be-catastrophic warming of the planets surface due to mans reckless introduction of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere.",,5_2
The Medieval Warm Period (MWP) contradicted their claim that the 20th century was the warmest ever.,,2_1
"Seitzs sin? He signed a cover letter for the Petition Project, an effort by scientists skeptical of the global-warming mania. The petition urges the U.S. to reject the climate treaty drafted in Japan in December.",,0_0
a foreign country's experience: http://www.instituteforenergyresearch.org/pdf/Calzada%20EPW%20Testimony%...,,0_0
"Thanks to Joe Herr, Cary Ellis, Bill Sellers, David Swineford, John V. Kampen, Laurent, Peter Lamb, AtSimon, George Fitzsimmons, Dr F Kirk Millward, AK Raven, Del Hilber and Steven Woodcock for these links",,0_0
"The five researchers report that the chemistry of the sediments employed in their study created a microhabitat that supported the growth and development of a benthic foraminiferal community even at highly elevated p CO 2 ,"" such that the ""growth and mortality of living A. aomoriensis were unaffected.""",,3_2
First U.S. small modular reactor inches ahead,,0_0
"It is also evident from the sea-level reconstruction that, notwithstanding the changes in temperature over the past millennium, sea level has varied by only 20 cm (8 in) either side of the millennial mean.",,1_6
A few days ago I published an article about the new alarmist hockey stick by Marcott et al. My take?,,5_1
"used the Treasury Department's Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, which he headed since its",,0_0
Leading Expert Lacks A Basic Understanding Of His Profession,,0_0
"What we know is that, as human beings are placed under strain, then bad things happen, Mr. Obama told CBS. ""And, you know, if you look at world history, whenever people are desperate, when people start lacking food, when people are not able to make a living or take care of their families, that's when ideologies arise that are dangerous.""",,0_0
"There was a lot more choice. If the process was harder"" in any way before, it was because there were far more choices. It was harder in the same way that it is generally harder to shop in the US than, say, in the old Soviet Union. Obamacare circumscribes policies such that a large package of benefits are mandated, not optional (I have to pay for mental health coverage and probably aromatherapy) and the size of one's deductible is capped.""",,0_0
"Brandeis disinvited Ayan Hirsi Ali , because her views on womens rights might offend some Muslim men. Scripps revoked its invitation to conservative political analyst George Will , who later observed:",,0_0
"Some very surprising results emerged, one of which raises the question in the title: did McNally inflate one football in the washroom? If the question doesnt seem to make sense, read on.",,0_0
"What a difference that extra 120 ppm has made for plants, and for animals and humans that depend on them. The more carbon dioxide there is in the atmosphere, the more it is absorbed by plants of every description - and the faster and better they grow, even under adverse conditions like limited water, extremely hot air temperatures, or infestations of insects, weeds and other pests. As trees, grasses, algae and crops grow more rapidly and become healthier and more robust, animals and humans enjoy better nutrition on a planet that is greener and greener.",,3_3
"The other was a dissertation written by a geography student, studying for the equivalent of a masters degree, at the University of Berne in Switzerland that quoted interviews with mountain guides in the Alps.",,0_0
"The Department of Energy, for example, has used NEMS to evaluate some carbon tax proposals. See, for example, U.S. Department of Energy, Energy Information Administration, AEO Table Browser,"" http://www.eia.gov/oiaf/aeo/tablebrowser/ (accessed April 2, 2013).""",,0_0
"Southern Co. is the biggest beneficiary of Obama's push for loan guarantees for nuclear power plants, with an $8.3 billion guarantee in the works for a new Georgia plant.",,0_0
"John F. Kennedy spent his first year as president trying Keynesian economics, seeking economic growth through increased government spending. That didn't work, so he advanced supply-side tax cuts that led to an economic boom. Hillary Clinton has her own school of economics, to the left of Keynes, where tax rate cuts inexplicably cause recessions. Neither she, nor President Obama, has any concept of how to promote economic growth and prosperity which is why we've experienced the slowest economic recovery since the Great Depression. READ MORE",,0_0
Why we argue climate change: Settled science isnt necessarily so,,0_0
"We in the VRWC can finally let you in on the joke * . Bush was Rove's brain"" .""",,0_0
"The annual trend of the departures as shown below indicates a flat or slightly cooling trend, and not global warming at all. Yes they fluctuate but that does not mean the trend is warming.",,1_2
"Daprile was beginning of 1997, when the coming to power of the feared political opponent, the Labor Anthony Charles Lynton Tony"" Blair, was celebrated by the pro-conservative British newspaper The Daily Telegraph with a cartoon of the award-winning cartoonist Matt, with a child He asked his astonished parents: Pope, but because 'Tony Blair allows machine comes in earthquakes?""",,0_0
"On this map of Texas and nearby, its remarkably easy to pick out the Dallas-Fort-Worth metroplex. Almost as easy are the hot spots over Galveston and Oklahoma City. Abilene is the hot spot about 1/2 way from Dallas to New Mexico. Then there is El Paso, lit up like a bonfire. And above it Santa Fe New Mexico. The odd one for me was the hot spot almost on the Texas border and about 45 degrees SE of Santa Fe. Making the 3 rd point of a roughly equilateral triangle with El Paso and Abilene. Theres no there, there, Im thinking",,0_0
"In the short and medium term, the U.S. can do little to bring about an effective global accord on GHG controls. Simple math reveals that GHG control is better viewed as the subject of a global bargain than as a domestic pollution control issue. ACESA's approach amounts to giving away one of this country's biggest bargaining chips, its expenditures on domestic GHG controlsand to giving it away before the hard bargaining has even begun. The U.S. has not used this approach in previous negotiations on trade, arms, or other important mattersand for very good reasons.",,0_0
"On February 20, Secretary of State John Kerry gave his first speech, as Secretary, at the University of Virginia where he offered a glimpse of how he sees tackling climate change as part of his jobas is reducing nuclear threat,"" ""fighting corruption in Nigeria,"" and breaking ""the cycle of poverty, poor nutrition and hunger.""",,0_0
"The only user group that's going to be negatively affected by this proposal is the fishing industry, period, David Borden, executive director of the Atlantic Offshore Lobstermen's Association, told the Post.""",,0_0
"Other methods of calculating moisture developed since Thornthwaite are mostly directed to assessing drought. These include the Palmer Drought Index, which estimates dryness from precipitation and temperature data. It is used by the US and Canadian governments among others and NOAA publishes a weekly Palmer Index.",,0_0
"Thats true. The picture above shows how low the islands are to the surface of the sea. Theres no question theyre vulnerable to sea level rise, as they have been for several hundreds or thousands of years, since their ancestors arrived there. But what does the Australian expert not tell us? He doesnt say that it will take 200 to 600 years for the sea to rise another 600 mm, during which time the coral will grow and push the islands higher. Thats why coral atolls are still at the sea surface, even though the sea level has gone up about 130 metres (426 ft) since the last ice age.",,3_2
"To us in the Stars goose-pimpled traveling party, it appears that the polar bears are going to keep their habitat after all.",,3_2
"I seem to remember from statistics class that anything less than 95 percent probability is junk science. This is an editorial from the most recent issue of GEO, a Norwegian magazine about earth sciences",,0_0
Band-aids Can't Fix the New IPCC Report,,0_0
More and more likely that double CO2 means <2C: New study,,0_0
if we loose the chance to make climate change a reality to people in the,,0_0
"Nearby Rottnest Island is the site of famous studies of sea level variation over the past few thousand years, including some sea levels a few metres higher than present.",,0_0
"End government-imposed threats to coal exports. Coal export terminals should go through the proper environmental review and permitting stage, but opponents of coal production want the Army Corps of Engineers to consider a cumulative, programmatic environmental impact statement (EIS). This comprehensive review would assess the environmental impacts and greenhouse gas emissions not only from the actual terminal, but also from the mining, rail transportation to the terminal, and end use of the coal. Adding these extra layers of regulatory review would create more fodder for groups that want the coal to stay in the ground, and it sets a dangerous precedent for exports of goods and services that environmental activists feel have too large of an environmental footprint. The next Administration should prohibit agencies from conducting cumulative EISs.",,0_0
Record extreme weather-Viking end of times,,0_0
"Am I the only one who noticed that the Kyoto Protocol (imposing artificial constraints on energy use to regulate atmospheric carbon dioxide to reduce the 'greenhouse effect' to, supposedly, reduce the hypothetical rate of theoretical global warming) came into effect the same day the President's Tax Reform Commission held its first meeting? Maybe I was. If so, more people should be thinking about the relation between these two events.",,0_0
"EPA's 2002 reform recommendations promise to restore common sense to the New Source Review program, thereby avoiding the excessive costs, uncertainties, and counterproductive incentives resulting from recent enforcement deviations. The reforms do not put at risk recent gains in air quality.",,0_0
IPCC doesnt write scientific reports for their own sake. Those scientists are there for a purpose. That purpose is to produce material useful to the UNFCCC.,,5_2
"Bast, Joseph, L.; Hill, Peter J.; Rue, Richard C. Eco Sanity: A Common Sense Guide to Environmentalism. Lanham, Maryland: Madison Books, 1994.",,0_0
of the private sector economy in order to avoid an environmental crisis that is,,0_0
The data is crucial to the famous ?hockey stick graph? used by climate change advocates to support the theory.,,0_0
"I have read and savoured every column you have published at Unleashed, and I have read the hateful comments that, even with an ABC moderator to vet them, still make it up on the site. The worst charge is that they simply do not take me seriously, which diminishes me in my humanity. I must confess that, after the latest round of abuse, I hugged my little cat and cried for an hour.",,0_0
Global average temperature has been flat for a decade. But frightening myths about global warming continue.,,1_4
"The Washington Post hit at a more expansive description when it characterized this new class of men as the equivalent of the trickled-down cultural derivative of the sporno."" Not everyone can achieve the status of the new jockthe combination of porn plus sports star, the sex symbol turned sports star and sports star turned sex symbol dubbed with the conflated moniker by Simpson (again) in a 2006 article. The majority of us haven't won enough Olympic medals, Nike endorsements, or multi-million dollar contracts, or crushed enough calories to be featured on ESPN's annual ""The Body"" issue (initiated in 2009, it features or ""celebrates"" the naked body, in male and female form, of numerous athletic celebrities, to cut into Sports Illustrated's lucrative swimsuit issue market) or the like. But just as other habits of celebrities and other popular culture heroes become aped and embedded in daily life, so this phenomenon has trickled down to the urban masses.""",,0_0
"I was fortunate to meet with Yasir Abed Rabbo, the diminutive, chain-smoking Palestinian veteran of more negotiating sessions with Israelis than he can count. Referring to the productive 2007 talks between President Mahmoud Abbas and Prime Minister Ehud Olmert that were torpedoed by corruption charges, forcing Olmert's resignation, Abed Rabbo claimed that the offer from Olmert was the '67 borders with a 6.5 percent land swap. We offered about 2 percent, but Olmert didn't say anything.""",,0_0
"Leiserowitz points to the damage caused by Climategate"" and ""Glaciergate."" He is partially right; those scandals did cause damage. Unfortunately the damage was inflicted on climate scientists.""",,5_2
>A Discontinuity In 1945 Or A Missing ENSO Event?,,0_0
"5. CFLs contain tiny amounts of mercury, and so EPA has a four-step program on how to clean up a broken CFL! First step: Open a window and leave the room for 15 minutes or more."" I suspect EPA is overdoing it, but who am I to argue?""",,0_0
"The authors conclude that the combination of higher root yields at elevated CO 2 combined with a decrease in root decomposition will lead to a longer residence time of C in the soil and probably to a higher C storage."" These facts, they say, ""should be taken into account in models predicting the fate of C under different scenarios for climatic change."" And so they should; for this is a phenomenon that cannot be ignored in this most important enterprise.""",,3_3
"So do they get a skeptic to fill the daily ???Another View?? slot they offer to rebut their editorial? No ??? they get another alarmist ! Under the panicky-but-now-tired headline ???We need to act quickly!??, Melanie Fitzpatrick of the Union of Scientists Concerned About Their Grant Funding writes:",,5_2
So it looks a bit less like nothing there and a bit more like on a fault in the approach to the volcano rise line. Those lateral cracks we see near spreading zones.,,0_0
"Lower energy prices, end dependence on conflict oil, generate jobs and cash for the American and Canadian economies.",,0_0
"I have a very high regard for the hardiness of corals. The GBR was borne at a time of rapidly rising sealevel, very high turbidity and very rapidly rising temperature. Presently, they live in areas of extreme temperature (40 degree), in muddy embayments and in regions continuously affected by runoff. Provided they are not grossly overfished, as has happened in the Caribbean, they are very adaptable systems.",,3_2
"For example, growth is generally limited in high latitudes by temperature and in deserts by water. But regional limitations can very in their degree of impact on growth throughout the growing season.",,0_0
"Oh, and what of those much-vaunted computer software models showing the world warming, the icecaps melting, and the world ending? The leaker kindly included the computer code used by the IPCC for its modeling, in which we find this interesting snippet:",,5_1
California officials issue a West Nile virus public health alert.,,0_0
"GHG Control, Predominantly a Foreign Policy Problem",,0_0
"in uncomplicated geology like that in Lancashire or the Bowland Basin, the process of fracking is well understood and the industry can be easily regulated. The opportunities for the economy in those areas are huge and so is the security that the gas supply would bring.",,4_5
"As most readers know by now, the problematic GISTEMP global temperature anomaly plot for October is heavily weighted by temperatures from weather stations in Russia.",,5_1
"Overall, there arent a lot of investment ideas here, just some trades. Gold is not yet in a confirmed bear market, just a probable bear trend, so a bit hard to short it with confidence (other than on a day trade basis or an hourly chart swing trade). Short Euro will likely work a bit longer, but will have political news driven changes of direction. Again very fast swing trades. Mostly the message is be in $US and keep the powder dry. Likely due to large international flows out of Euro land until they get their currency straightened out.",,0_0
"The reason to be verbose in writing out the probability conditions is that it puts the matter starkly. It forces you, unlike the old ways of frequentisim and subjective Bayesianism, to specify as completely as possible the circumstances that form your estimate. Since all probability is conditional, it should always be written as such so that it is always seen as such. This is necessary because it is not just the probability from equation #3 that is important, equation #4 is, too. If you are the doctor, you do notyou should notfocus solely on probability #3 because what you really want is this:",,0_0
"34 D. J. Gubler, Resurgent vector-borne diseases as a global health problem, Emerging Infectious Diseases 4, 442 (1998).",,0_0
"Obamas climate policy is practically worthless, says Dr. James Hansen",,0_0
"UN IPCC's Michael Oppenheimer on his unused sled in 2000: Oppenheimer even had a tear-jerking personal angle on the ""absence of snow' in modern winters omichael@princeton.edu NYT quoted ""Oppenheimer on the pathetic spectacle of the unused sled in his stairwell, symbol of a warming world: ""I bought a sled in '96 for my daughter,' said Oppenheimer, a scientist at the nonprofit Environmental Defense Fund. ""It's been sitting in the stairwell, and hasn't been used. I used to go sledding all the time. It's one of my most vivid and pleasant memories as a kid, hauling the sled out to Cunningham Park in Queens.'""",,0_0
"But even with high estimates of rainforest loss, there are still problems with the island biogeography"" theory. To begin with, it requires two highly questionable assumptions. First is that islands and habitats are analogous. But they are quite different. Islands are surrounded by water which is hostile to most land species. Terrestrial habitat surrounded by land, which can be much more accommodating to migrating species.""",,0_0
Dalton McGuinty??s Green Energy Act is already destroying jobs as energy costs rise and the opposition has targeted the province??s impossible green energy math as an election issue.,,4_1
"In August 2010, the HockeySchtick site pointed out the 97% figure was just 75 self selected scientists. As as example of the way the chant is spun, the author, ???MS?? linked to the un SkepticalScience site and the screen image that John Cook posted in an article titled: ???Visually depicting the disconnect between climate scientists, media and the public??.",,5_1
"According to Bloomberg, ???Germanys push toward renewable energy is causing so many drops and surges from wind and solar power that the government is paying more utilities than ever to help stabilize the countrys electricity grid.??",,4_4
"I've gotta get there, Graham told me. So we dispatched him home with water and supplies and CFACT's own Cajun responder got to work.""",,0_0
"All of the believers in human caused ???global warming?? seem to see something ???unprecedented?? in the recent changes in temperature. But all recent changes are well within the normal range of variability, and recent small temperature excursions have been matched or exceeded many times in the past: the Medieval Warm Period, the Roman Warm Period, the Minoan Warm Period, the Holocene Warming, and all the major interglacial warmings that preceded them as shown in the Vostok data. They all occurred without any significant human emission of CO2.",,2_1
"Heres an email which like many others, makes the point:",,0_0
"In his June 26 op-ed, ExxonMobil's climate-change smoke screen,"" Yale Law School Dean Robert Post called me and others who invoke the First Amendment to question the prosecution of those who dispute the legitimacy of climate change ""grossly irresponsible."" He called global warming ""perhaps the single most significant threat facing the future of humanity."" But human-induced global warming is unproven, not an undisputed fact. Mr. Post claimed that if ExxonMobil or others had committed ""fraud,"" that trumped the First Amendment. However, ""simply labeling an action . . . ""fraud' . . . will not carry the day,"" the Supreme Court explained in 2003.""",,0_0
"In the case of light-saturated net photosynthesis , they found an actual stimulation provided by the extra 316 ppm of CO 2 that ranged from 31% for cultivar Drysdale to 75% for cultivar Yitpi. In the case of aboveground biomass production , they also found a CO 2 -induced stimulation. In this case, it ranged from 0% for the cultivar H45 to 133% for cultivar Gladius. And in the case of actual grain yield , the six scientists found a CO 2 -induced stimulation that ranged from 0% for cultivar H45 to 98% for cultivar Gladius, with the other five cultivars sprinkled somewhere in between.",,3_3
"Oh, sure, I can recycle my shovel. But some of the metal will inevitably be lost in the process. All that does is make the inevitable iron-death move further away in time ... but recycling doesnt magically make iron extraction sustainable.",,0_0
"Its justified on the basis that environmentalists are the good guys, while farmers exploit natural resources for profit.",,0_0
"Indeed, satellites show that Earths total vegetation increased 6% just from 1982 to 1999, as CO 2 levels increased. Famines in a CO 2 -warmed tomorrow are therefore less likely, not more.",,3_3
"Obama: We produce more natural gas than ever before and nearly everyone's energy bill is lower because of it.""",,0_0
"The most cited potential reason for this unexpected inconvenience is that the oceans have been taking up the extra heat and replacing it with cooler water from the ocean depths. In that scenario, the natural ocean surface-cooling mechanism now in progress (if it exists) will eventually go back to normal, and surface warming will return with a vengeance. Just you wait and see.",,0_0
"and I'll now show the unique numeric solutions perfectly reproduce within 0.28C the temperature at every height in the 1976 Standard Atmosphere database from the surface all the way to ~11,000 meters height, after which the atmosphere at < ~0.223 atmospheres (units) becomes too thin to sustain convection and the equation no longer applies. This is near the transition between the troposphere and tropopause, which is where Robinson & Catling, Nature 2014, demonstrated the transition begins due to loss of convection, not greenhouse gas radiative forcing. Above the tropopause transition level (which is isothermal for several km), increased greenhouse gases cause increased cooling .",,2_3
"> >> >>Best regards,",,0_0
"Additionally, when methane leaks do occur, they can be effectively managed by using equipment that detect leaks in real time.",,0_0
"But in a carbon market, most market participants actually benefit from fraud . The sellers of carbon credits benefit when they sell fraudulent credits, because they are making money for nothing. The buyers of carbon credits benefit from a market flooded with fraudulent carbon credits, because the oversupply caused by fraudulent credits helps to keep prices down. Corrupt officials benefit financially, when they receive bribes to ignore the fraud. The only people who are disadvantaged by carbon fraud, are investors who tried to follow the rules, to produce ???genuine?? carbon credits, and politicians and activists who naively expected the carbon market to deliver emissions reductions.",,4_2
Richmond's short-lived role as a mecca for allegedly illegal Internet gambling cafes may be a thing of the past.,,0_0
"I'm having a theological discussion with a corn farmer in southern Missouri, 200 miles from the Corn Belt. My fellow farmer has enough flat ground to plant a few acres of corn, and she and I are deep in the weeds of the contentious subject of seeds. She maintains that the Bible is explicit in forbidding the use of genes from non-corn plants in the breeding of corn seeds, based on Leviticus 19:19, which prohibits seeding fields with two kinds of plants. I point out that humans share 50 percent of their genes with bananas. This does not impress her. She informs me that she doesn't buy food made from GMOs. Even while she avoids GMOs in her family diet, she plants them in her corn field. The conversation is far past the boundaries of what could be called productive, so I don't pursue how she squares her biblical beliefs with her agronomic choices.",,0_0
"A different recommendation comes from overseas. British parliamentarian Douglas Carswell, in a Telegraph blogpost, interprets the Sept. 8 victory of Tony Abbott and his center-right Liberal party in Australia as a vote for full-throated conservatism.",,0_0
"on Monday, December 12th, 2011 at 3:22 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"There has been no appreciable warming since 1998, as can be seen in the official forecast from the Met Office, the United Kingdoms national weather service , which the agency released on Christmas Eve. Presumably, the British governments climate scientists didnt want anyone to notice they had lowered their forecast from previous years, with temperatures in 2020 predicted to be no warmer than they were in the late 1990s. Websites such as Climate Depot and Watts Up With That had long ago reported the same phenomenon, only to be ridiculed by the climate-change establishment. It turns out these climate realists were right all along.",,1_4
"The variability in Patriot pressures is larger than the variability in Colt pressures, but the form of variability is very odd and, in my opinion, is more indicative of inconsistent gauges and even mistaken inclusion of a Colt ball, than of erratic washroom deflation.",,0_0
"San Francisco's already done it, and now New York may follow suit. New York City Councilman Leroy Comrie thinks the city should consider a ban on Happy Meals"" and similar fast food promotions aimed at kids unless those meals meet certain nutritional standards, Jay Dow reports.""",,0_0
"What is necessary for international action on GHG to move forward? A major requirement is a more credible demonstration of the benefits of costly emissions reductions. As noted above, public-opinion surveys suggest that individuals are most concerned about local effects. This suggests that reducing scientific uncertainty about regional climatic reactions to GHG accumulations and associated economic damages are critical.",,0_0
"Poland is racing to develop shale gas, using hydraulic fracturing methods developed by American companies to unlock trillions of cubic feet of methane for its homes and factories. Exploratory drilling is also underway, or about to begin, in Britain, Germany and other countries, as engineers evaluate the extent and economics of developing their own vast shale gas deposits.",,0_0
"Will courts overturn the CPP? That may well depend on whether judges decide the case on the merits oras in recent Obamacare rulingsconclude that presidential legacy policies are too big to fail.'""",,0_0
"Mark Lynas first drew significant attention to himself for his views on climate change in 2001, when he threw a custard-pie into the face of Bjorn Lomborg, during a book launch.",,0_0
"It's not as if those in the Northeast have not experienced bone-chilling cold or that it is predicted to extend from the Midwest down into our southern States. There may possibly be a snow storm that will require the National Football League to reschedule the Sunday, February 2nd, Superbowl at the MetLife stadium in East Rutherford, N.J. Crews spent 18 hours working to remove the snow from last week's storm.",,0_0
"Using the Heritage Energy Model (HEM), a derivative of the Energy Information Administration's National Energy Modeling System (NEMS), Heritage projected what the economic impacts would have been had the bill become law.",,0_0
A Swedish industry association said the country may have to start importing waste from other countries to keep its power plant incinerators in operation.,,0_0
"McCain said that A cap-and-trade policy will send a signal that will be heard and welcomed all across the American economy.' This is unlikely since cap-and-trade's economic harms have been exposed and condemned by the likes of the Congressional Budget Office, the Environmental Protection Agency and renown economists such as Alan Greenspan and Arthur Laffer. Even the Clinton."" administration warned of the economic harms that would be caused by cap-and-trade""",,4_1
"Diane Lanier, science teacher, Huntsville Middle School, Huntsville, Alabama",,0_0
"Washington, D.C., October 6, 1999 This week marks the release of the second edition of Facts, Not Fear: Teaching Children About the Environment by Michael Sanera and Jane S. Shaw. The revised edition of Facts, Not Fear features non-technical treatments of 14 major environmental topics and strategies educators and parents can use to present them to children.",,0_0
"In a recent CA post , I observed that Shiyatov had crossdated 1021 subfossil trees from his 1968 and 1983 transects plus hundreds of living trees, from which the samples sent to Schweingruber were a minute subset. Although Shiyatovs comprehensive dataset is by far the most imposing dendro work at Polar Urals, Briffa et al 2013 neither used nor reported the extent of the Shiyatov dataset. In a comment at RC, I asked Osborn to explain their failure to use or even disclose the very large Shiyatov dataset as follows:",,0_0
"But let's suppose the rumour is true. If so, it would raise all kinds of profound policy questionsand also a question of crass politics. The Bush administration has, until now, taken a skeptical view toward climate change. What is the best way for an administration to change course like this?",,0_0
"It is strange that the IPCC panel should link recent extreme weather events to global warming because quite simply there has been no global warming to speak of for 10-15 years now based on the official climate data from the governments of the world [US /NCDC, ENVIRONMENT CANADA and THE EUROPEAN ENVIRONMENTAL AGENCY. Recently US meteorologist Anthony Watts showed that the continental U.S. has not warmed in the last 10 years, and in fact has grown cooler in the summer and colder in the winter. The climate data numbers come from the National Climatic Data Center.",,1_4
"Its a bumper edition this week, so a well padded seat and extra-large beverage is recommended.",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: General Counsel Sam Kazman on the unintended consequences of other auto regulations:,,0_0
CBS2s Randy Paige placed a thermometer in the pathway of the beam on a partially cloudy day. The temperature registered over 120 degrees in less than five minutes.,,0_0
"From this point of view, the major achievement from the motion by Senators D'Al, Possa and others is to remind the government and the Italian public in general that there are still people that raise rational arguments before they endorse costly policies. Implicit in the motion and explicit in D'Al and Possa's thinking is a concern for the lack of a democratic debate on the EU energy and climate package. In fact the Italian Parliament, as well as other Parliaments of the EU member states, never had a chance to discuss the consequences of such a wide-ranging, costly, questionable policy. If the Italian Senate's vote may help to raise the awareness of the dangers not just for the European economy, but also for the democratic process in the European Union, it will strike a much more ambitious goal than cutting emissions by a few percentage points.",,0_0
CEI Weekly: Cuomo's Antitrust Witch Hunt,,0_0
"As more states approve applications for an Article V convention, opponents of constitutional reform continue to object to any potential changes to the all-important document. But as constitutional scholar Rob Natelson writes in this new Heartland Policy Brief, James Madison and other Founders emphasized state officials' obligation to interpose in a constitutional manner when the people are threatened by federal overreaching."" READ MORE""",,0_0
"Dr. Thorning is Senior Vice President and Chief Economist of the American Council for Capital Formation. She also serves as Senior Vice President and Director of Research for the ACFF Center for Policy Research, which focues on tax and environmental policies. Previously she served at the U.S. Department of Energy, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission. Dr. Thorning is co-editor of numerous books on environmental policy including The Kyoto Commitments: Can Nations Meet Them with the Help of Technology? and Climate Change Policy: Practical Stategies to Promote Economic Growth and Environmental Quality.",,0_0
"Financial Review journalist Mark Lawson has had enough of this madness. From the blurb for his new book, A Guide to Climate Change Lunacy:",,0_0
"That's the most important statement so far in the decades-old climate debate: You're forcing us backward into poverty and ignorance for nothing, except to further your careers, funding and power.",,0_0
"Yet Curry herself is convinced that some of those facts are seriously exaggerated, and that the IPCC has failed to acknowledge the real uncertainty in the science. As a result, she's been engaging with climate outsiders, including outright skeptics, and trying to force her colleagues to acknowledge some of what she considers serious flaws in the IPCC process. She's been denounced, sometimes vehemently, for her efforts.",,5_1
"Earth could recover from global warming faster than scientists once thought but it will still take tens of thousands of years, new research shows.",,0_0
"This wasn't necessarily the clearest or most explicit presentation of the reason and one could do better. Be sure that the conclusions won't change. The quantum fields at space-like separations commute with each other. And this vanishing commutator (or anticommutator in the case of pairs of fermionic operators) is a necessary condition for the independent evolution of fields at space-like separations. This absence of an action at a distance"" is required by the special theory of relativity because if such superluminal influences existed, they would be equivalent by switching to a different reference frame to actions affecting the past. That would break causality and allow us logically contradictory ""closed time-like curves"" in a Minkowski spacetime. (One could find a way to kill your grandfather before he had his first sex with your grandmother, you know the story.)""",,0_0
"Collie News, sport and weather | Collie Mail",,0_0
"Taking the aerosol or volcanic emanation, it doesnt matter which as cooling factor, means that CO2 forcing was overestimated during the post 1975, pre-98 period, and overestimated during the post-98 period. The difference in model vs actual radiative forcing is equal to the reduced reflectivity of the atmosphere of pre-98 and increased reflectivity of post-98.",,5_1
"The BRT also recognizes a role for government in developing new technologies, albeit a small one. A central policy tenet is that governments cannot foster private sector technology advancement by picking winners and losers,"" says the report. ""Instead, a central role for government is to ensure its policies are coordinated and consistent, and that unintended regulatory, policy and tax impediments to innovation are remedied.""",,0_0
"support is vital to keep pressure on Iran in between attempts at negotiation,",,0_0
"With such a huge difference between the Atlantic cod numbers of the Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and those of the Current Warm Period (CWP), it would appear that the MWP was significantly warmer than the CWP has been to date.",,2_1
And just how will the TVA know when you are away? What if you dont want your appliances turned off?,,0_0
"FactCheck: Actually a more recent study (also published in Science magazine) says satellite measurements show that the ice sheet as a whole is in fact shrinking significantly,"" and that most of the loss is taking place in the smaller West Antarctic ice sheet.""",,0_0
"In the current climate, weather experienced at a given location or region varies from year to year; in a changing climate, both the nature of that variability and the basic patterns of weather experienced can change, sometimes in counter-intuitive ways some areas may experience cooling, for instance. Indeed, taking the mean of the monthly surface or lower-troposphere global mean surface temperature anomalies from all five principal datasets, the cooling has been global throughout the 150 months since January 2001, representing one-eighth of the present century.",,1_4
" If no Germans were hurt or killed in the construction of Route Summit , it's because the guys who kicked your asses all over Europe in two world wars showed up to defend them this time around. A little gratitude wouldn't hurt, Asshat.",,0_0
"The Green Jobs conceit goes like this: the government should offer tax credits and impose regulations that lead businesses to implement environmentally-friendly practices. This will create jobs doing what's needed to qualify for the credits or comply with the regulations. Most importantly, carbon regulation (most likely in the form of Cap and Trade) will lead to investments in technology that reduces carbon emissions.",,0_0
"Now Germany plans to phase out subsidies altogether, its solar industry is likely to disappear by the end of the decade.",,0_0
"The global warming debate has been cast by Green activists as a moral battle between greed and profit versus saving the planet. The dynamics of the debate are slowly changing, however, as businesses are beginning to pay lip service to the claim that the production of goods and services is destroying the planet. Businesses that make the switch are transformed from public enemy, in the eyes of Green activists, to venerable icons. Few commentators suggest, however, that the profit-seeking impulse that drives businesses' initial resistance to government regulation may be at work in their apparent change of heart.",,0_0
"What a remarkably intricate world we live in, where a bunch of cows figures out how to keep a small genetically interbred herd strong in the absence of predators. Astonishing.",,0_0
Polar bear habitat more Arctic sea ice in Canada this week than in early 1970s,,3_2
The U.S. Department of Justice and an organization representing police chiefs from around the country renewed calls on Tuesday for legislation mandating Internet Service Providers (ISP) to retain certain customer usage data for up to two years.,,0_0
"Of greater interest to us is what Lake Baikal can tell us about the most recent thousand years, and in particular, we are interested in the warming of the last 1000 years. Mackay notes that between c. A.D. 850 and 1200, S. acus dominated the assemblage, most likely due to prevailing warmer and wetter climate that occurred in Siberia at this time. Well now, it certainly looks as if the Medieval Warm Period was noticed at the Lake. Next we learn that Between c. A.D. 1200 and 1400, spring diatom crops growing under the ice decline in abundance, due in part to increased winter severity and snow cover on the lake, which is reflected in cooler early Siberian summers. The Little Ice Age then hit hard as Mackay finds The diatom-inferred snow model suggests significantly increased snow cover on the lake between A.D. 1200 and 1775, which mirrors for the large part increases in snow cover in China during AD 14001900.",,0_0
My final point here would be pretty simple: With the rather dramatic variation over very short geographical scales we would need far more than the slightly over 1000 thermometers used by GHCN to get any kind of accuracy in the global temperature picture. The GHCN data set is just not fine grained enough to avoid selection bias issues given the wide variation of temperatures on these graphs over very short geographic scales.,,0_0
"Darbah et al . report they recorded an increase of 140% and 70% for 2006 and 2007, respectively, in the total number of trees that produced male flowers under elevated CO 2 and an increase of 260% in 2006 and 100% in 2007, respectively, in the quantity of male flowers produced under elevated CO 2 ."" What it means""",,3_3
"Obama's doing a quickie presser at 4:40 p.m. to talk about the debt ceiling and the evils of corporate jets, etc, but apart from that, it'll be wall-to-wall Caseymania on cable news for the rest of the day. There's no avoiding it so we might as well catch the news wave and surf. How many of you followed the trial? I only watched bits and pieces, but if you need to get up to speed, the Wikipedia article of the case is a solid summary based on what I've read elsewhere. Money quote: There is something wrong. I found my daughter's car today and it smells like there's been a dead body in the damn car."" And yet, the party raged on.""",,0_0
"The incidence and severity of extreme weather has not increased. There is little evidence that dangerous weather-related events will occur more often in the future. The U.N.s own Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change says in its Special Report on Extreme Weather (2012) that there is an absence of an attributable climate change signal in trends in extreme weather losses to date. The funds currently dedicated to trying to stop extreme weather should therefore be diverted to strengthening our infrastructure so as to be able to withstand these inevitable, natural events, and to helping communities rebuild after natural catastrophes such as tropical storm Sandy.",,1_7
"A crucial measure of our knowledge of feedbacks is climate sensitivitythat is, the warming induced by a hypothetical doubling of carbon-dioxide concentration. Today??s best estimate of the sensitivity (between 2.7 degrees Fahrenheit and 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit) is no different, and no more certain, than it was 30 years ago. And this is despite an heroic research effort costing billions of dollars.",,5_1
"And while were on the subject of Svensmark and cosmic rays, Anthony on Facebook linked to an interesting series of videos in which Svensmark and Nir Shaviv are both interviewed. First three parts are excellent, will get to watch the remainder soon. There doesnt appear to be a date, but from the upload information, it was made prior to the results of the CLOUD experiment.",,0_0
"Climate Change: Channeling King Canute, G-8 leaders agree to wreck the worlds economy, and ours, by pledging to prevent temperatures from rising more than 4 degrees by 2050. What if the Earth has other plans?",,4_1
"A 2013 Breakthrough Institute report offers a number of suggestions for government policy on nuclear, including more R&D; on advanced reactor designs and licensing reform. Also, here is a post from last year on why the GOP needs to step up its game on climate change.",,0_0
"Alarmists are reluctant to admit that the global surface temperature has not increased for 16 years, despite CO2 emissions rising far more than predicted. They wave this inconvenient truth away with the non-sequitur that this decade is the hottest since records began, so the world is still warming. If you climb a hill and reach a flat plateau you are higher than before - but the plateau is flat, not rising. When cornered, global warming alarmists assert that the current pause is simply the result of unspecified 'natural variations'. That implies that the pronounced warming over the previous 25 years may have been amplified by 'natural variations' in the other direction. In which case, the likely temperature rise for a given increase in CO2 may be less than previously estimated or required to produce the threatened doom.",,1_4
"14 I tell you that this man, rather than the other, went home justified before God. For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and he who humbles himself will be exalted.",,0_0
"As a result, conventional oil is not from the conventional method of dipping it up in a bucket from a seep, but by the decidedly unconventional and at that time unheard of method of drilling a hole in the earth to get it to come out ...",,0_0
"The policy they propose is an international system of emissions permits and fees for the use of fossil fuels."" The authors propose that governments give businesses a certain number of permits. If a business needs more permits, it can purchase them. The authors suggest that the permits be sold at $10 per ton of carbon, which would translate into $6.50 per ton of coal and $1.40 per barrel of crude oil. The ""user fee"" would be set by international agreement. The authors argue that this is a sensible policy because it gives a clear economic incentive to reduce emissions. Businesses that reduce emissions sufficiently can sell their permits.""",,0_0
"It is estimated that the Pine Island glacier alone loses so much water that it is responsible for 10% of global annual sea level rise (which is about 3mm per year). Warm currents come from deep water and heat the underside of the ice sheet, causing it to melt. Turner says this process probably has little to do with global warming. Pine Island seems to be an ongoing retreat that could have been going on for 10,000 years, he says.",,2_1
"And if they continue with and expand President Obama's climate agenda, we'll negative growth, said Ebell.""",,0_0
"Something else also stands out in the 3 regions where current temperatures are warmest, my Figure 2. Only one of the reconstructions extends back the full 2000 years. Would Asia and Australasia have warmer temperatures than those weve experienced recently if their reconstructions could be extended farther back in time? Dunno.",,5_1
"When equating energy flux density, climate science thus chose the branch of making Sunshine way too cold (-18 degrees C). Such freezing cold sunshine is at odds with the observation and fact that Sunshine creates the water cycle by both melting and evaporating H2O. Instead of reconsidering whether or not the numbers on paper were correct, climate science chose to add some more numbers on paper called the greenhouse effect in order to bump up the temperature from -18 degrees C to the temperature of the air near the ground, which is +15 degrees C on average.",,0_0
Cord Blomquist (cblomquist@cei.org) is Senior Communications Director at CEI.,,0_0
Report from the Heartland Institute Climate Change Conference,,0_0
"Its difficult to claim the recent increases in manmade greenhouse gases are responsible for the warm sea surface temperatures off the New England coast, when the those values were regularly exceeded 70 to 80 years ago.",,2_1
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Regulatory Policy Analyst Isaac Post on the ideological background of the CSR movement:,,0_0
"When you get to this link, click on the graph again to make it even bigger: http://www.vukcevic.co.uk/GrandMinima.gif",,0_0
"You??ve no doubt heard that global warming will make life harder for some species. But have you also heard that rising temperatures may actually benefit others? Well believe it or not such may be the case, as seen for example by mountain lizards in France and butterflies in England. According to an article in World Climate Report, researchers in France discovered that, as temperatures have increased modestly in recent years, so too has the size and fertility of that nation??s mountain lizards. A similar finding regarding butterflies has also been observed, as scientists in England discovered that the richness of British butterfly species has actually increased as temperatures have warmed. Apparently some species, like some humans, like it hot.",,3_2
"The IPCC??s 2007 Summary for Policy makers claims that ???Most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations.?? While Mr. Muller now seems to agree that there has been such global average warming since the mid-20th century, he nonetheless ended his op-ed by disclaiming that he knows the cause of any temperature increase. Moreover, the Berkeley team??s research paper comments: ???The human component of global warming may be somewhat overestimated.?? I commend Mr. Muller and his team for their honesty and skepticism.",,2_3
Heartland's Horace Cooper on The O'Reilly Factor,,0_0
"The animation below shows their little problem. It alternates between the blue error map, and their current trend map. In their claimed high sea level rise areas, the error is almost as big as the trend in some places it is greater than the trend.",,5_1
"Synopsis: Recent global warming has not caused more frequent or more severe droughts. Source here . Droughts have not become more extreme or erratic in response to global warming. Real-world evidence from Africa, Asia, and other continents find no trend toward more frequent or more severe droughts. In most cases, the worst droughts in recorded meteorological history were much milder than droughts that occurred periodically during much colder times.""",,1_7
But he had a big problem: Bipartisan majorities in Congress refused to go along with the president's climate policies.,,0_0
"spreading around their regions: they sure do have a lot of money to throw around."" Mann noted that it was an observation others used to make about the United""",,0_0
"At the opposite end of the nation in the iconic Kakadu Park creeping salinsation into the freshwater wetlands has occurred over the last 50 years. While the current cause is not likely to be attributable to climate change further rises in sea level and changes in rainfall pattern will increase and accelerate the trend. The parks paperbark vegetation is thickening up considerably a combination of increased atmospheric carbon dioxide, changed fire and rainfall regimes are all possibilities. If the system transforms into a salt environment the wetland flora and fauna will go replaced by mangroves. Some 60 species of water birds are also at stake. The debate about building a barrage to hold back the sea incursion and the salt is on in earnest.",,0_0
"Along with Minister of Planning Jarbawi and others who think deeply about the state they hope to see emerge from the negotiating process, Fayyad has been developing the literature that will inform and instruct his constituencies. For example, the Palestinian National Authority official program document outlining its agenda, Palestine: Ending the Occupation, Establishing the State, proclaims that the state will forever be a peace-loving state that rejects violence; it is committed to peaceful co-existence with the world community of nations."" The leadership further pledges a democratic state that ""respects human rights and guarantees equal rights for all citizens. Its people live in safety and security under the rule of law, safeguarded by an independent judiciary and professional security services.""",,0_0
"Kersebaum et al . report that the FACE experiment showed two important results: increased CO 2 (i) enhanced crop growth for all investigated species and (ii) decreased evapotranspiration rate of the canopies resulting in higher soil moisture content (Weigel et al ., 2006)."" As a result, they found that ""without consideration of the CO 2 effect, mostly negative impacts on crop yields were simulated,"" but that ""considering the CO 2 effect compensated the negative trend in most cases and turned yield effects to a positive impact."" What it means""",,3_3
NASA just posted their July 2012 global temperature dataset - the hysterical global warming claims made in July don't comport with what looks more like global cooling,,1_2
"The oddity here is two-fold: what happened around 1977 or so, and what happened around 2002 or so? From 1977 on, after twenty years with no significant land or sea temperature change, both land and sea temperatures start to rise. In addition, the land temperature rises much more rapidly than the SST. Then around 1998, SSTs start to level off, and they peak in 2002 and start to fall. The land temperatures start falling shortly thereafter. Why, on all counts?",,1_4
"Also, occupants of two larger, heavier cars crashing together have more protection than they would have in two smaller, lighter cars in the same type of crash.",,0_0
Earths climate be insensitive to well-measured increases in greenhouse gases at the same time that it is excessively sensitive to poorly known solar brightness change,,0_0
"MP: There's just one small, inconvenient problem with making a connection between climate change and an increasing frequency of violent tornadoes the link doesn't actually exist. The chart above displays the annual number of strong to violent tornadoes"" (F3 to F5 on the Fujita Scale) in the US from 1954 to 2012 based on data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's National Climatic Data Center. Here are some weather-related facts:""",,0_0
"NSIDC needed something negative to say about Arctic ice, and if they waited another week they couldnt have said it. Those areas of low concentration ice are now high concentration ice.",,1_1
In years to come people will look back and marvel at how primitive our models were...,,0_0
"The combined land and ocean surface record (Figure 1) shows a warming trend of about 0.11 C per decade (1958-1998) and 0.19 C per decade (1979-1998), while the satellite temperature records (Figure 2) since 1979 show a warming trend of 0.05 C per decade.4 The contrast in temperature trends between the surface and satellite measurements of the lower atmosphere is puzzling because the computer models say the CO2-produced warming trend in the lower atmosphere should be larger than at the surface, but it is not.5 This important disagreement remains unexplained.",,0_0
"Nye, who's not actually a scientist and is best known for hosting a science show, says it's very bad news"" gasoline is selling for less than $2 a gallon he tweeted out a picture of a gas pump where you could buy fuel for $1.68 a gallon.""",,0_0
"MANY environmentalists dont believe we should be growing rice in Australia. I disagree. Rice suits a land of drought or flooding rains. Unlike almonds, grapes and other perennial crops, rice doesnt need water every year. Its an annualcrop that can be planted onlywhen there is an excess of water.",,0_0
"Earlier this year, a group of 13 GOP lawmakers released a report, which called for an ESA overhaul, though CBS News called the changes unlikely given the pervasive partisan divide in Washington, DC."" CBS continues: ""The political hurdles to overhaul are considerable. The ESA enjoys fervent support among many environmentalists, whose allies on Capitol Hill have thwarted past proposals for change.""",,0_0
"Abundant supply is also supporting demand for coal. The traded volumes of coal will increase by a further 20 percent by 2020, Dickson said, including supply of lower grade coal from Indonesia, Australia and South Africa.",,0_0
"The results of this study comprise but one additional example of the findings of many investigations that have documented the significant effect of solar activity variability on earth's climate, as may be verified by perusing the materials we have archived under the general heading of Solar Effects (Centennial-Scale Cycles) in our Subject Index, as well as the materials we have posted under the many other sub-headings grouped beneath the Solar Effects"" umbrella. Reference""",,2_1
"One of them said, ?I am a Jew. How could you accuse me of being a member of the Hitler Youth?? I said, ?If you behave like the Hitler Youth than I will call it as I see it. And if you ever break up someone else?s meeting again and trample on other people?s freedom of speech, I will say it again.?",,0_0
But the reports mind-numbing length hasnt stopped people from interpreting it the way they think it should be interpreted. And because no one bothered to read the fine print everyone thinks the IPCC is saying that the adverse impacts of human-caused climate change are already being felt:,,0_0
"Germany, in 2002 and 2003. I just refused to give an exclusive interview to",,0_0
"To address global warming, we're going to do something that may surprise the save-the-planet camp: burn more fossil fuel less efficiently. Big oil will prosper.",,0_0
"Vilsack insisted at the time that the planting restrictions were necessary to help biotech and organic crops coexist more peacefully. But such unprecedented restrictions ignore the realities of seed production and give short shrift to the needs of conventional farmers. It seems that the secretary of agriculture needs a cram course in plant biology and genetics, as well as in the USDA's own regulations.",,0_0
"The administration has never explained why Nevada's Yucca Mountain is unacceptable, because it can't. However, it does want to help avowed Yucca foe Harry Reid in his tough reelection bid this year. Shuttering Yucca Mountain does that. Undermining sound science to keep a Senate seat arguably makes for smart politics, but it's terrible (and grossly irresponsible) policy.",,0_0
"But the bottom line, as expressed by Ariel Lugo, is this. We are asking Latin countries to go to enormous efforts on the basis of a scientific theory that is full of uncertainties.""",,0_0
"Early next week, the Environmental Protection Agency is expected to finalize the crown jewel of the president's Climate Action Plan, a suite of regulations to control greenhouse gases from the electricity sector, including:",,0_0
"We can not look particularly noticeable traces of the major volcanic eruptions Pinatubo in 1991, El Chichon in 1992 and Agnung 1963, suggesting that the cooling effects due to emissions of particles (aerosols) are modest, at least for these eruptions.This strengthens our claim in an earlier post that aerosols in climate models are exaggerated.",,5_1
"The average temperature for each month, computed by averaging the temperature from each of 5 reliable data sources. 1 . This gives a one trend based on an average. Done this way, the uncertainty intervals on the mean trend include the uncertainty due to weather noise ; however, uncertainty due to measurement error , which arises due to lack of precision from each data source is mimized.",,0_0
"I agree that conspiracies do sometimes happen but I disagree that this fact prevents us from concluding that most people believing similar conspiracies are morons. One may estimate the probability \(P\) that there is some big conspiracy behind a collection of similar enough events and compare this probability with the percentage \(Q\) of people-event combinations in which the people believe that there was a conspiracy. If the people's opinions were sensibly reflecting some underlying reality (which isn't quite known), we would have \(P\approx Q\). However, in the real world, \(P\ll Q\). Assuming that you buy my arguments that \(P\) is actually small enough in the absolute sense, it proves that most people who believe the conspiracies must be systematically deluded.",,0_0
Here are some posts at Daily Caller by Herring on the Omaha Tri Faith insanity:,,0_0
His first initiative also failed because utility companies would have had to make nearly 20-year commitments to buy offshore wind energy.,,4_2
The groups lawyer Terry Sissons told the High Court at Auckland today that NIWA could have obtained inaccurate New Zealand average temperatures due to sudden site relocations and by regularly changing temperature gauging instruments.,,5_1
"Since the earliest days of climate policy development, the world's focus has been on the mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions rather than adaptation. In fact, the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has always discussed the idea of adaptation to climate change as a second- or third-best policy responsesomething to be done only after every possible effort has been made to reduce GHG emissions.",,0_0
"There are many who would have us act unilaterally, who claim we will gain some sort of ?competitive edge? over China and the rest of the world by pursuing national policies of innovation or economic re-engineering. Through the magic of innovation, we will improve our economy, gain power relative to the rest of the world, and save the environment all in one stroke. This is nonsense.",,0_0
"So, about that settled science on ocean acidification (that is actually a change to lesser alkalinity and NOT acidification) and about that settled science on CO2 in the ocean coming from the air via our burning fossil fuels Looking a bit moth eaten to me.",,3_2
"Obtaining federal permits for energy production is difficult. Between fiscal years 2005 and 2012 the number of new permits fell over 50%, from 3,514 to 1,729. Between 2005 and 2012, the time it took to acquire such a permit rose from 154 days to 228 days. In contrast, it takes only 10 days to secure a state drilling permit in North Dakota.",,0_0
Lead to an aggregate loss of more than 1 million jobs by 2016 alone.,,0_0
12 For as many as have sinned without law shall also perish without law: and as many as have sinned in the law shall be judged by the law;,,0_0
"David Rothbard is president of the Committee For A Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT) a public policy organization he co-founded in 1985. He co-hosts a daily radio commentary called Just the Facts, which airs on over 100 radio stations. His articles have appeared in the Wall Street Journal, USA Today, the Washington Times and many others. He has particpated in over a dozen UN conferences.",,0_0
"This problem is only the tip of the iceberg with NCDC data. For one thing, it is clear that comparing data from previous years, when the final figure was produced by averaging a large number of temperatures, with those of later years, produced from a small temperature base and the grid method, is like comparing apples and oranges,"" says Smith. ""When the differences between the warmest year in history and the tenth warmest year is less than three-quarters of a degree, it becomes silly to rely on such comparisons,"" added D'Aleo, who asserts that the data manipulation is ""scientific travesty"" that was committed by activist scientists to advance the global warming agenda.""",,0_0
Most of the discussion on Swanson's blog is dedicated to the original disagreements concerning quantum mechanics. Many people say many wrong things and many irrelevant things.,,0_0
"While it's tempting to dismiss such drivel as the inevitable product of a bloated, wasteful, out-of-touch, but ultimately powerless, bureaucracy, the UN's latest sustainable development agenda warrants serious attention. The UN doesn't operate in a vacuum; it has ties to a vast network of global organizations both governmental and nongovernmental all of which espouse similar views and all of which work for the adoption of transformative"" policies.""",,0_0
"If we don't discuss the commutator but the separate (time-ordered) product, as seen in the Feynman propagator, it tells us about a correlation. How does it work? The point is that \[",,0_0
"Most Americans think of energy use in terms of big-ticket items such as gasoline, heating oil, and natural gas. But a great deal of the energy we use is indirect, embedded in the things we buy. Cutting down on indirect energy would produce substantial energy savings and allow Americans to continue to enjoy the lifestyle choices they have made.",,0_0
> >> >>My questions are: Who would be able to do a good job on this,,0_0
"In short, there is potential here for a vital convergence of interests that will promote sound environmental policy, and aid the U.S. and world economies as well. The 'green' potential of tax reform should be placed high on the agenda of the Tax Reform Commission, and should play a major role in the tax reform debate. As pointed out back in 2000 (Tax Reform is Green"", published by the Competitive Enterprise Institute), ""the greenest tax reform is that which does the most to reduce economic waste, encourage innovation and efficiency, and spur economic growth. From this standpoint, environmental tax reform should be fundamental tax reform.""",,0_0
There are just so many illogical steps and contradictions with the empirical data from that day as well as with some historical data on similar events and with the knowledge about the human nature that these conspiracy theorists commit so that I can't avoid thinking that they're just stupid. But there must be more to it it's some stupidity that is more likely to spread through the society. It may be the case that most of the JFK conspiracy believers haven't really tried to think about the sad day rationally and independently. They are just absorbing a mass delusion from their environment.,,0_0
"He did not mention climate in his last State of the Union address, said Rosenthal, pouting over something about which neither Obama, nor anyone else on planet Earth can do anything except to clean up the mess left behind by hurricanes, floods, and other forces of nature..",,0_0
"EPA??s proposal is short-sighted, the MIT researchers suggest.Althoughfuel-switching can achievenear-term CO2 emission cuts,greater reductions in the future ???will not be possible without technologies that emit less carbon than natural gas.?? EPA policy should aim at improving the cost and performance of CCS technology to the point where it is economical to deploy with NGCC power plants. But without investment in coal with CCS,industry will never gain the ???commercial scale?? experience required to apply CCS to NGCC power plants.",,4_2
"At this, the officers announced they were coming in, and they broke down the door. They found Hollis King smoking marijuana, and put him under arrest. They also found powder cocaine. King was convicted of drug trafficking and sentenced to 11 years in prison.",,0_0
"What is actually going on is the exact opposite of the Guardians claims. Arctic sea ice is melting very slowly, and is nearing a mid-summer high for the past decade.",,1_1
The BOM: Homogenizing the heck out of Australian temperature records,,0_0
"One of the enduring pillars of the climate change issue is that the temperature of the Earth is increasing at an unprecedented rate weve heard it a million times over the past few decades. However, it is well known that the temperature of the Earth has not increased over the past decade, and the lack of recent warming is now receiving serious consideration in the leading scientific journals. Two recent articles are of particular interest to us at World Climate Report .",,1_4
Consider other recent research that ought to give our arm-chair climatologists in Congress pause.,,0_0
1601 N. Tucson Blvd. Suite 9,,0_0
"In the Turkish strait in 1996, the nine pro-Chechen gunmen who hijacked a Turkish ferry and held 255 passengers hostage for three days had first considered the possibility of sabotaging one of the two suspension bridges with explosives to bring down the bridge and close shipping traffic. The worst case scenario, now that the Russian Duma has passed a bill to transport 20,000 tons of nuclear waste through the straits in the next ten years, is the possibility of one of these tankers being hijacked in the vicinity of Istanbul, a city of 12 million inhabitants. It is expected that traffic on the Bosphorus will be 50 percent higher in 2010 than it was in 2005, and so will the opportunities to create catastrophic mischief.",,0_0
"I looked at St-Onge and repeated my frequent prediction that Keystone would not be approved under the Obama Administration. I stated: We know that Obama doesn't care about Republicans. We know he doesn't care about the oil-and-gas industry. We may even question whether or not he cares about America. But he does care about his baseand, of his base, there are only two groups who care about the Keystone pipeline."" I asked the audience who those two groups were. They rightly asserted: ""environmentalists"" and ""unions.""",,0_0
"James V. DeLong is vice president and senior analyst of the Convergence Law Institute, LLC, and special counsel in the Washington, D.C. office of Kamlet Reichert, LLP. He also served as research director of the Administrative Conference of the United States and as a senior analyst in the Office of Program Evaluation in the U.S. Bureau of the Budget.",,0_0
"The common nmnaren in this critique of vrldsfrbttrarna is that they are building a auktoritr, dogmatic and verdriven picture of the problems that you want to read.",,0_0
The slides from Dr. Pielke's presentation can be found here: Pielke Considering the Human Influence on Climate slides,,0_0
Some big-name players are playing games with people's lives and livelihoods.,,0_0
Just finished reading your paper with Mike M in Rev of Geophysics which I,,0_0
"That startling headline is followed by the sub-headline: Defying all predictions, the globe may be on the road towards a new little ice age with much colder winters.",,1_2
"Stabilized CCSM3.5 simulations are then performed, which show that once the climate has equilibrated, the ENSO response to a CO2 increase eventually does become significant . However, the details of that response are sensitive to small changes in model physics: the ENSOclimate sensitivity in the CCSM3.5 and CCSM4 oppose one another , and the mechanisms for the difference are as yet unclear. Seasonal forcing, high-frequency wind stress variability, or other processes may be responsible, but a complete diagnosis requires longer CCSM4 simulations than are currently available.",,0_0
JC comment: the possibility that multidecadal natural variability is a major driver of rainfall variability does not seem to be considered. The poor performance of the climate models somehow gives rise to greater alarm about the future. Go figure.,,5_1
