0,subjectivity,1
"Because this correlation is studied in a quantum theory, we should really call it entanglement"", not just ""correlation"", but it's really meant to be exactly the same thing. Quantum mechanics is a different theory than classical physics so it says different things about the correlations of different quantities, and how correlations between some properties may co-exist with correlations in others and how strong these correlations may be. However, at the end, the interpretation is still the same: entanglement is a correlation between properties of two parts of a larger system.""",,0_0
"The NSIDC maps show 7.5% more ice in 2010 than 2007, but their graph shows less than 3% difference.",,1_1
"These claims will be investigated by several competing experiments in the near future. XENON1T is an upgraded XENON experiment before the upgrade, the XENON folks were staunch members of the dark matter is not seen"" axis. However, very soon, a new and so far neutral player could enter the war: LUX in South Dakota ; see also LUX news .""",,0_0
record for a 100-yard dash and then flame out before ever reaching the finish line.,,0_0
"The Cooler Heads Coalition will hold a congressional and media briefing by Professor Richard S. Lindzen of MIT on September 30 from noon to 1:30 PM in Room 345 of the Cannon House Office Building. Lunch will be provided. Reservations are required. Those wishing to attend should e-mail their name, affiliation, and phone number to mebell@cei.org or telephone Myron Ebell at (202) 331-1010, ext. 216. Dr. Lindzen will be speaking On the meaning of global warming claims.""",,0_0
"already mentioned: Thornborough Henges, Knowlton Circles, Stanton Drew stone circles, Arbor Low;",,0_0
"Given that CO2 levels, at 400 ppm (388, actually), are now twice 200 ppm, and half 800 ppm, at what point would you expect carbon saturation"" to set in and warming based on additional carbon dioxide to more or less cease (I know warming doesn't end entirely, but the additional warming per unit is miniscule). One gets the impression, reading the papers, that additional units of CO2 will create a lot more warming per unit, rather than a lot less.""",,0_0
"NSF Releases Online, Multimedia Package Titled, Clouds: The Wild Card of Climate Change",,0_0
"A new paper provides more evidence for the reality of the Little Ice Age in the Southern Hemisphere, as well as its increased storminess compared to that of the Medieval and Current Warm Periods",,0_0
"We were surprised to find that the primary production in the tropics is not so strongly dependent on the amount of rain, says Markus Reichstein. Here, too, we therefore need to critically scrutinize the forecasts of some climate models which predict the Amazon will die as the world gets drier .",,5_1
"The cold winters are likely to continue and so are the floods for the next 20-30 years as the 60 year planetary climate cycle goes into its cold phase. We are having the winters like the previous cold cycle 30 years ago. Yet Environment Canada only talks about continuing global warming . on their web page .There is absolutely nothing about possible global cooling or warning to the Canadian public and businesses about possible flooding again, crop losses, infrastructure disruptions, etc from the pending weather.",,1_2
"We were sampling with the largest chain saws we could find a chain-saw bar of seven feet, he said. We were hauling these slabs of wood two meters on a side as far as two kilometers to the road. We were using wheeled litters the emergency rescue equipment for people and put a couple hundred pounds on them.",,0_0
All estimates (OHC and TOA) show that over the past decade the energy imbalance ranges between about 0.5 and 1 Wm -2 .,,0_0
"Greg Page, chief executive of global grains trading giant Cargill Inc, joined a chorus of critics of biofuels by urging the U.S. government to temporarily curb its quotas to produce corn-based ethanol fuel.",,0_0
"With this very brief background study, should we be surprised if scientists who are pushing Global Warming as a man-made disaster would be reluctant to criticize the claim if they knew their funding would be cut? There are big bucks in Global Warming. Those who are pushing it are mostly ideologues with a larger political agenda.",,5_2
"Voters made their preference clear: Republicans won more seats, and with bigger majorities, than anyone predicted.",,0_0
"As the UK experiences its coldest March in 50 years and braces for a white Easter weekend at the same time there are critical shortages of natural gas, Christopher Booker expresses his frustration with the UK's energy policy in The (UK) Telegraph:",,0_0
Exhibit 1: Greenhouse Gases are Making You Fat:,,0_0
"Fake news!? Fake news!? I'll tell you about fake news! For decades, scientists like me have been drowning in it.",,0_0
"A court document issued Wednesday evening says Claude Walker, attorney general of the U.S. Virgin Islands, has agreed to withdraw his subpoena demanding documents and emails from the oil company related to its discussion of the risks posed by climate change.",,0_0
Brazil President courts Chinese bid for high-speed rail link:,,0_0
"Soon after the widespread blackouts of 2003, the Electric Reliability Organization was established, and it recently issued its first report. That report makes for grim reading because the nation's electric power infrastructure is on the brink of collapse.",,0_0
"Again, there almost certainly is a warming trend since 1850, and some of that trend is probably due to manmade CO2, but sensitivities in most forecasts that get attention in the media are way too high. A tenth of a degree C per decade over the next 100 years from manmade CO2 seems a reasonable planning number.",,3_1
"WITHIN the scientific community it has generally been accepted that as a continent, Antarctica, has been getting colder or at least not warming. Those who subscribe to the general consensus that climate change is driven by manmade carbon dioxide emissions, and that the world is generally getting warmer, have claimed this is not inconsistent with their greenhouse gas theory or the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) models. They have explained that Antarctica is a general exception to the global trend because of a loss of ozone in the polar stratosphere.",,1_1
This reversal of attitude in climate change policies is already evident in the response to the President's newly announced pact with China to reduce carbon dioxide emissions and his promised $3 billion contribution to a UN climate fund designed to help poor counties deal with potential impacts of climate change.,,0_0
"So some people analyzed this theory in some more detail, using the state-of-the-art computer techniques. No clear signs of a human or glasses or anything like that were found. More devastatingly, the person had to be one meter tall if he were exactly there; or he was several meters tall and flying 5 meters above the Earth's surface at a much more distant place.",,0_0
"The errors in the record exceed by a wide margin the purported rise in temperature of 0.7 C (about 1.2 F) during the twentieth century. Consequently, this record should not be cited as evidence of any trend in temperature that may have occurred across the U.S. during the past century. Since the U.S. record is thought to be the best in the world, it follows that the global database is likely similarly compromised and unreliable.",,5_1
"But now we have the official announcement, complete with page numbers and whatnot. Sci & Educ (2015) 24:299318, DOI 10.1007/s11191-013-9647-9, for citation collectors.",,0_0
"On May 6 the same date as the Wells Report was released, Exponent submitted a report on simulations in which three untrained employees attempted to deflate 12 balls in 1 minute 40 seconds with a standard needle. The subjects, after one try, achieved remarkably consistent results, both between subjects and between balls. The average deflation was 0.76 psi with a standard deviation of 0.11 psi. This finding was not discussed in the Wells Report, but it poses a conundrum: the observed variability in Exponents washroom simulations is much too low to explain observed Patriot variability.",,0_0
"Recolonization has similarly undermined other classic doomsday stories. Parmesans iconic 1996 paper reported global warming had increased extinctions for the Ediths Checkerspot butterfly, but most of those extinct colonies in the Sierra Nevada have now been recolonized. Unfortunately the recolonization information was never published. (read here and here ).",,0_0
The big stink 93.9 million years ago blame CO2,,0_0
"Julian Morris makes 26 points in response to the Stern Review discussion paper, What is the Economics of Climate Change?""",,0_0
Bottom right: Adjustments from GISS-GHCN raw data. GISS-GHCN version minus 4 versions.,,0_0
"In his party conference speech on Tuesday, Ed Miliband, as well as promising to create a million new green jobs (perhaps he can wave his magic wand and create 1 million blue and red ones too!), also said, and I quote (from the New Statesmans full transcript):",,0_0
"Snyder also speculated that the greater variability among Patriot balls arose from timing, pointing out that the Colt balls, being measured later, were closer to the asymptote, but did not quantify the impact of this observation.",,0_0
Then at the 8:56 mark Joe brings up the recent (some would call absurd) claim made that Antarctic sea ice is expanding to record high levels because of global warming. (With that kind of logic one could hypothesize that the snowball earth episodes occurred when the earth was a hot house). Bastardi:,,1_1
"Interesting to see the effect of a GOP president who makes climate change an important issue, although approaching it from a more market-oriented, pro-innovation perspective.",,0_0
"To achieve this goal, the new state policy mandates that a mix of 1.4 million zero-emission and plug-in hybrid vehicles be on the road by 2025, nearly triple the number being driven today. Problem is, this increases the cost of these vehicles and limits consumer choices to those they dont want to make.",,4_1
"Today is the 30th 40th* anniversary of the most expensive flubbed line in history. One small step for A man, one giant leap for mankind.""",,0_0
But other experts maintain we are in for another big freeze. Positive Weather Solutions senior forecaster Jonathan Powell said: ?It baffles me how the Met Office can predict a milder-than-average winter when all the indicators show this winter will have parallels to the last one.,,0_0
"A paper published today in Geophysical Research Letters titled  The Arctic Ocean warms from below "" finds that geothermal heat at the bottom of the Arctic Ocean caused slight warming of 0.004C per year from 1993-2010. The authors find a temperature inversion with higher temperatures at the bottom of the ocean than the interior, which indicates the heat had to arise from geothermal sources; the opposite temperature profile would be expected if the Arctic Ocean was heating from above due to greenhouse gases. Other than the fact that heat rises, the paper throws more water on Trenberth's claim that his 'missing heat' allegedly from greenhouse gases has sunken to the bottom of the ocean.""",,2_1
Hide the lies generated lawsuits between climate science believers (what kind of real science requires belief ?) and skeptics of dangerous man-made planetary warming along with ridiculous conspiracy theories such as Big Oil hired evil hackers in a plot to discredit angelic climate scientists.,,5_2
"As Joel documents, in press release after press release, NRDC enthusiastically applauds various new EPA rules that will dramatically reduce smog-forming emissions from automobiles, diesel trucks, off-road diesel engines, diesel fuel, and power plants.",,0_0
"The Winrock study is not the first to tackle the question of how much carbon is emitted from tropical deforestation. Researchers have been studying the land-use component of the global carbon cycle since the early 1980s, when a tabular bookkeeping model was developed that aggregates data and calculations over large geographic regions. This model uses broad assumptions about forest carbon stocks as well as national forest data collected by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO). Virtually all published estimates of carbon emissions from land-use change rely on this model.",,0_0
"The dependence of executive power on the circumstances was not lost on early observers of the American system. In Democracy in America, Alexis de Tocqueville stated that the presidency would grow with the United States. The President of the United States possesses almost royal prerogatives, which he has no opportunity of exercising; and the privileges that he can at present use are very circumscribed. The laws allow him to be strong, but circumstances keep him weak."" That would change, Tocqueville predicted, as America became a great nation. It is in foreign relations ""that the executive power of a nation finds occasion to exert its skill and its strength."" If the security of the country ""were perpetually threatened, if its chief interests were in daily connection with those of other powerful nations,"" Tocqueville continued, ""the executive government would assume an increased importance in proportion to the measures expected of it and to those which it would execute.""",,0_0
"Paleoclimatologists have long suspected that the middle Holocene or a period roughly from 7,000 to 5,000 years ago, was warmer than the present day. Terms like the Alti-thermal or Hypsi-thermal or Climatic Optimum have all been used to refer to this warm period that marked the middle of the current interglacial period.",,2_1
out of the blocks but recover to get a fast time or even a world record over the,,0_0
"Dr. Illarionov went further when speaking to journalists on April 14. He said, First we wanted to call this treaty an interstate Gosplan, but then we realized that a Gosplan is much more humane, so we should call the Kyoto Protocol an interstate gulag . In a gulag, people were at least given the same rations, which did not lessen from one day to the next, but the Kyoto Protocol proposes decreasing rations day by day .""",,0_0
"Only when or if politically-influential parties in key emitting countries better perceive the net benefits of international cooperation will political leaders be able to commit to long-lasting mitigation policies. It will also be easier to devise transfer payments to offset differential preferences and perceptions of the problem, internally and across countries. Further, technological innovations (such as satellite monitoring and photography) can make observing and verifying emissions more feasible. Measurement advances also will make identification of carbon content in products easier for enforcing any international agreement. Until the deep uncertainties about the need to take action are resolved and new enforcement technologies are developed, meetings like COP 19 in Warsaw will accomplish little.",,0_0
"Since Barack Obama took office in January 2009, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has issued a suite of anti-coal regulations, collectively known as the war on coal,"" which to date has lead to the loss of 26,000 megawatts of coal-fired electricityenough to power 20 million to 26 million homes. And that's just the beginning: According to an analysis by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, EPA regulations will ""likely"" retire almost an additional 55,000 megawatts of coal-fired electricity by 2018.""",,0_0
SALT LAKE CITY ? Recent dramatic changes in the Arctic will have a significant effect on our weather in Utah. That?s the conclusion of a top scientist studying Arctic sea ice.,,0_0
"Examples abound. Federal fuel economy mandates force auto makers to produce smaller, lighter, less crash-resistant cars, causing thousands of highway deaths per year.1 FDA regulations delay the availability of life-saving therapies, killing tens of thousands over the past two decades.2 Banning DDT revived malaria epidemics in the developing world, afflicting 2.5 million people in Sri Lanka alone.3 Furthermore, a large body of literature documents that regulation can kill just by misdirecting resources and squandering wealth. Precautionists ignore the obvious connection between livelihoods, living standards, and lives as if jobs and income were not the chief safety nets for most of the world s people. Even in a relatively wealthy country like the United States, every $5 million to $10 million drop in economic output is associated with an additional statistical death.4",,4_1
Cronyism Lawsuit Against Energy Departments $25 Billion Green Energy Program Advances,,0_0
"So Santers messages to Jones and others at UEA were not private or personal correspondence. If he wanted them to be, he should not have used his llnl.gov email account with his official LLNL affiliation in the signature line. He should know better, since LLNL makes clear those distinctions . But if he did want to communicate with Jones on that level, I doubt he could have conducted official government business such as discussion of climate data on a Google account. That would have been evading public scrutiny. A Santer-Jones Google exchange would have had to been about the merits of U.S. vs. European football or something like that.",,0_0
"The bottom line is that if the EPA had not dissembled on fuel switching and not obfuscated on fuel economy, more Senators might have voted for legislative measures, sponsored by Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) in 2010 and Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) in 2011,torein in the agency. In addition to their well-publicized transparency concerns about the EPA under the leadership of Lisa Jackson and Gina McCarthy, Senatorsshould also have separation of powers concerns.",,0_0
"Cutting the Gordian knot"" is necessary if the Forest Service is to properly manage national forest assets and reduce wildfires. A start would be to require environmental groups to post a sizable bond when they file lawsuits. If the area burns while the suit is in the courts, the bond would be forfeited to defray firefighting costs.""",,0_0
"The change is revealed in a study released on Monday by IHS Global Insight, a US-based economics consultancy, which estimates that China last year accounted for 19.8 per cent of world manufacturing output, fractionally ahead of the US with 19.4 per cent. That said the US remains far more productive:",,0_0
"Zemp, M., Hoelzle, M. and Haeberli, W. 2009. Six decades of glacier mass-balance observations: A review of the worldwide monitoring network. Annals of Glaciology 50 : 101-111.",,0_0
April 15th Tax Burden Worsened by Hidden Taxes,,0_0
"Why should you be interested? Sea surface temperature records indicate El Nio and La Nia events are responsible for the warming of global sea surface temperature anomalies over the past 30 years, not manmade greenhouse gases. Ive searched sea surface temperature records for more than 4 years and ocean heat content records for more than 3 years, and I can find no evidence of an anthropogenic greenhouse gas signal in either dataset. That is, the warming of the global oceans has been caused by naturally occurring, sunlight-fueled, coupled ocean-atmosphere processes, not anthropogenic greenhouse gases.",,2_1
"On policy, Obama focused on things that could be done quickly in Congress,",,0_0
"At the same time, I want to say a big thank you to Ingemar, Jonny and Peter of you keeps the flag up there!",,0_0
"In concluding the report of their field and laboratory work, as well as their mini-review of the pertinent scientific literature, Thomsen et al . state that it is likely that long-term acclimation to elevated p CO 2 increases the ability to calcify in Mytilus spp.,"" citing the studies of Michaelidis et al . (2005) and Ries et al . (2009) in addition to their own. And they say that they could find ""no causal relationship between the acid-base status and metabolic depression in this species at levels of ocean acidification that can be expected in the next few hundred years (IPCC, 2007),"" after discovering in the waters of Kiel Fjord (and demonstrating in the laboratory) that ""communities dominated by calcifying invertebrates can thrive in CO 2 -enriched coastal areas.""",,3_2
Approximately $2.05 billion in employee earnings;,,0_0
It just happened that the Nobel Prize - the medal plated with 24-carat gold - has been missing for weeks.,,0_0
Sandra Day O'Connor Faulted By Critics on Ethics:,,0_0
"Also last week, TWTW linked to Steve McIntyres simple model of temperatures, which out performs the global climate models in temperature forecasts. Christopher Essex correctly noted that the global climate models can be scientifically useful because they include a number of other variables. As always, TWTW appreciates such amplifications and corrections.",,5_1
Kavanaugh cites several provisions that clearly link PSD permitting to NAAQS pollutants:,,0_0
"Hypocrisy Alert: Dont do as I do, do as I say, and thats especially true of the IPCC which wants us all to dismantle our economies in order to save the planet. Except those edicts dont apply to the IPCC head himself, old Pachy, as he clocks up half a million air miles in 19 months:",,0_0
John Tierney puts together a good summary of the discoveries from the emails and code that is worth reading. Here are some thought-provoking remarks from his conclusion.,,0_0
CSIRO. 2014. State of the Climate 2014. Australian Government.,,0_0
"Ha ha! I know, Ben. Its. the paunches I cant get over!",,0_0
"Despite their claims otherwise, As You Sow's tactics are designed to circumvent the historical bane of environmental activism scientific and economic debate. Its tactics work best against businesses that are hypersensitive about their brands being involved in any sort of controversy. But therein lies the solution to the problem.",,0_0
Warming over New Zealand through the past century is unequivocal.,,0_0
"Our celebration, which highlights the benefits of freedom and technological innovation, struck a nerve with environmentalists in the media. Some called it strange,"" many called it ""stupid,"" and others simply said we were ruining the world. The holiday also struck a chord with folks around the world who picked up on the idea of celebrating human intelligence. On his blog, ""Objective Extrospection,"" Rajesh in India wrote:""",,0_0
"subsidies going into the ethanol industry, critics say, the dream of",,0_0
"There are still large gaps in our understanding of the causes of global warming, according to a new study by the National Research Council, Global Environmental Change: Research Pathways for the Next Decade. The 600-page report argues that more research money is needed for global climate observations systems.",,0_0
"Are E30-optimized vehicles commercially viable? The proposed Tier 3 rule provides no data on either the consumer cost of such vehicles or the fuel economy gains. Even if the lifetime fuel savings outweigh the increase in vehicle cost, that is not usually the decisive factor for most consumers, otherwise hybrid sales would be largerthan 4% of the vehicle market.",,4_4
"In any event, I asked Ms. Macfarlane precisely why reductions in carbon"" emissions are necessary. It was obvious that she has never been asked anything so impertinent she is wholly unused to having her assumptions challenged and so her rather stumbling answer was that increasing concentrations of carbon dioxide (she then used that phrase in place of ""carbon"") are creating dangerous climate effects that already are visible. The ensuing back-and-forth was as follows, almost verbatim:""",,0_0
"Regarding storms, studiesfind no long-term increase in the strength and frequency of land-falling hurricanes globally over the past 50-70 years and no trend in Atlantic tropical cyclone behavior over the past 370 years .",,1_7
"But as part of an international research project dubbed Water Efficient Maize for Africa (WEMA), Jacob and his neighbours are now using five varieties of maize seed that are being tested in an effort increase food production and help farmers adapt to the effects of climate change.",,0_0
A truck engine is tested for pollution exiting its exhaust pipe in California. REUTERS/Mike Blake,,0_0
"LOL, it's a constructor. Who would have thought? One would think that a kettle isn't constructing anything in the same sense as cranes do. But if you want to become so high that you confuse construction workers with cooks, it may be a great idea to unify cranes with kettles. And raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittens. Bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens. Brown paper packages tied up with strings. These are a few of my favorite things. Engineers and cooks are the same thing, after all. They are constructors.",,0_0
"The Danubes freezing is just one of many severe winter events in the continent this year. Heavy snowfall has blocked roads and stranded towns in central Italy. A train in Montenegro was stranded on the tracks for three days due to heavy snow. EvenVenices famous canals froze, a rare feat.",,1_3
11. Botswana - Agreement Concerning the Establishment of a Tropical Forest Conservation Fund and a Tropical Forest Conservation Board,,0_0
"What a gross travesty of the truth, and such appalling reporting, but these are the messages fed to acquiescent politicians who do not bother to check the facts, and criticise those who do. How low has science sunk, that scientists will dispense this sort of disinformation to promote their own agenda?",,0_0
"The El Chichon eruption is interesting because one of the strongest El Nino events, some say the strongest ever, occurred just after it. These two events had an interesting interplay for it seems that the global temperature rise induced by the warm water of the El Nino was offset by the cooling effect of the stratospheric aerosols from El Chichon. It is interesting to speculate what might had happened if El Chichon had not gone off. Would the 1982 El Nino have been as dramatic as the 1998 one? And would it have left in its wake elevated global temperatures, as 1998 seems to have done? What would have been the impact on environmental thinking, and on James Hansens global warming warning in 1988?",,0_0
"The procedure is based on the null hypothesis of AR(1) red noise predictions over the validation interval, using the variance and lag-one autocorrelation coefficient of the actual NH series over the calibration interval to provide surrogate AR(1) red noise reconstructions. From the ensemble of surrogates, a null distribution for RE and CE is developed. In other words, the appropriate significance estimation procedure requires the use appropriate AR(1) red noise surrogates against which the performance of the correct RegEM procedure as implemented by Schneider (2001)/Rutherford et al (2005)/Mann et al (2005) can be diagnosed.",,0_0
"They have to spend way more in terms of respiration, heart rate meaning they have less energy for feeding and less energy for growth and reproduction, she said.",,0_0
"Iremember warm November days at the beach in Bournemouth during the 1960s, but global warming has turned the weather cold.",,1_3
"Clever, but perhaps not clever enough. As Machievelli infamously advised princes long ago,one shouldnot say to someone whom onewants to kill, Give me your gun, I want to kill you with it, but merely Give me your gun, for once you have the gun in hand, you can satisfy your desire.",,0_0
"So they are saying it. Silly them. Its a simple statement, but its not always true. If global warming tended to increase sea levels by, say, 0.3 mm/yr, but local isostatic rebounding was occurring at 0.4 mm/yr, the sea level wont rise, itll actually fall, because the land is rising.",,1_6
"Many Jacksonians, for example, are not evangelicals and not even Christian at all. While some are strongly anti-abortion, others believe that individual freedom makes abortion nobody's business but their own. Some stand strongly behind the drug war; many indulge in recreational drugs and some Jacksonians grow or manufacture them, much like the moonshiners who have been evading revenuers"" since the Washington administration.""",,0_0
"Pollution was unchecked and mostly unthought-of. Sewage was considered treated if dumped in a river. Personal hygiene was practiced, when at all, on the face, neck, and hands up to the wrists. One thing everybody forgets about old times is how the old-timers smelled.",,0_0
"Moreover, for those watching recent E.U. developments, events there are a source ofconsiderable concern rather than admiration. Euroskeptics (or Eurorealists, as they prefer) have repeatedly highlighted the E.U.'s democratic deficit,"" a phrase often associated with Margaret Thatcher's E.U. critique. Not only are E.U. institutions and processes remote, opaque, and unaccountable but also, as a consequence, they lack the legitimacy so fundamental to acceptable governance. The euro's unfolding debacle only underlines this point.""",,0_0
Science journalism is getting smacked around a lot this week. The hits are coming from all directions.,,0_0
"El Nio generally brings hotter, drier weather to Australia and was responsible for the decade-long drought.",,0_0
"On December 4, 2011 it will have been 2,232 days since Hurricane Wilma made landfall along the Gulf coast as a category 3 storm back in 2005. That number of days will break the existing record of days between major US hurricane landfalls, which previously was between 8 Sept 1900 (the great Galveston Hurricane) and 19 Oct 1906. Since there won??t be any intense hurricanes before next summer, the record will be shattered, with the days between intense hurricane landfalls likely to exceed 2,500 days.",,1_7
"Yes, but not as much as you would think, or hope. More of the physics is now known, but it is impossible (see this review ) to completely insert this new physical understanding into the models. Many of the models subroutines are based on parameterizations , which are educated, but not infallible, guesses of how certain processes (like clouds) work. Other model components, such as how the atmosphere interacts with the ocean, land, and outer space, are increasingly crude approximations (the later, outer space, is related to orbital forcing, and is usually ignored). Other parts of the models are based on nothing more than assumptions of how the physics works in certain situations.",,5_1
"Renewable energy advocates have every right to argue for their preferred source of energy, but they are wrong to claim these sources of energy won't cost more or would even save consumers money because the wind and sun are free."" Renewable energy policies come at staggering costs and, as seen with Germany, those policies bring few if any measurable environmental benefits.""",,0_0
"Phew thats OK then. Seriously, this guy is so compromised he shouldnt be let anywhere near an independent enquiry.",,0_0
"Speziale, K.L. and Ezcurra, C. 2014. Rock outcrops as potential biodiversity refugia under climate change in North Patagonia. Plant Ecology & Diversity : 10.1080/17550874.2014.983200.",,0_0
Nominate your favourite blogs for the 2015 Bloggies How many categories can skeptics win?,,0_0
"In the bowels of the document is a provision calling for an international climate court of justice.""",,0_0
"We used to call it playing outside, now it has to be called free range parenting"" just to stop the cops from taking your kids away - except that doesn't work does it.""",,0_0
The region clearly has to adapt selling itself as an alternative to crowded beach resorts may be one such option. Tree change instead of sea change.,,0_0
NASA GISS: Science Briefs: Whither U.S. Climate?,,0_0
"Last October, the Daily Mail (London) announced that temperature data from the United Kingdoms Meteorological Office showed no global warming for 16 years. In December, an advance chart from the upcoming Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change showed a divergence between model projections and actual global temperatures. In January of this year, the Met Office revised its forecast of temperatures down to almost no increase over the next five years.",,1_4
"Drew Shindell, an atmospheric physicist at NASAs Goddard Institute for Space Studies who attended Della-Martas presentation, said the European findings are especially significant because they draw on long-term surface temperature records.",,0_0
January 1974 : Brisbane Recieved 34 Inches Of Rain Almost 300% Of What It Received This year,,0_0
"With all the unintended consequences of government policy on view, and with new, lower estimates of the likely extent of global warming now appearing every year, the time is ripefor a reassessment.",,0_0
"MP: What is there to possibly like about biofuels like demon ethanol"" (unless of course, you're a rent-seeking corn farmer)? It ruins car engines, it's an inferior and costly fuel, it's bad for the environment, it's a political boondoggle, it stresses water supplies, it increases malnutrition in vulnerable populations, and it raises taxes, gas and food prices.""",,4_4
"At ambient temperatures, the approximate 60% increase in the air's CO 2 concentration significantly increased latewood density by 27% and maximum wood density by 11%, while in the elevated-temperature treatment it significantly increased latewood density by 25% and maximum wood density by 15%. These changes led to mean overall CO 2 -induced wood density increases of 2.8% in the ambient-temperature treatment and 5.6% in the elevated-temperature treatment. What it means",,3_3
"Currently, the Konsensus has introduced a new line of argument into the climate debate. They have de-emphasized the focus on sensitivity of the atmosphere to a doubling of CO2 concentrations, probably because all the new studies show that sensitivity is far lower than the Konsensus has claimed. Now they are just saying we must leave fossil fuels in the ground. Its about as content heavy as Nancy Reagans Just Say No.",,3_1
"Hundreds of people registered to vote out of their law offices, medical offices, accounting offices, and Government of Canada offices - in some cases these may be genuine errors, but in other cases, entire families are registered to vote out of high rise office space",,0_0
"There is no sign of any acceleration in sea level rise. What is noticeable is that sea levels fell sharply between 2005 and 2007, making the subsequent recovery greater. Since 2010 sea level has actually fallen by 58mm! Indeed, sea levels in 2013, (the latest available data) were actually lower than in 2005.",,1_6
"Paul Chesser, GlobalWarming.org , 31 March 2010",,0_0
EPA Coal Rule Skirts Law: 10 Percent of Comments from Obamas OFA,,0_0
"One of the favorite policies of green activists is the Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards that require U.S. auto makers to keep the average fuel economy of their fleet below 27 mpg. Recently, however, the greens have been frustrated because the CAFE standard has not been tightened for years. They are especially upset about the increasing popularity of big trucks and sports utility vehicles that they claim are significantly contributing to global warming.",,0_0
"Sound Science And The U.S. Economy Victimized By The EPA's CIA Fake, John Beale",,0_0
The statement about the absence of trends in impacts attributable to natural or anthropogenic climate change holds for tropical and extratropical storms and tornados,,1_7
"If we continue to follow Sterns advice, the principal losers, apart from British taxpayers and businesses, would be developing countries who cannot raise living standards without massively increasing their use of fossil fuels and will therefore be responsible for most of the growth of carbon emissions, Lilley argues.",,4_5
"By Colin Macilwain, Nature, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
"This microbial carbon dioxide production may cause a 2 to 3 degree Celsius rise in global temperatures over the next 100 years. He also says that, The failure to incorporate animals and their interactions with microbial communities into global decomposition models has been highlighted as a critical limitation in our understanding of carbon cycling under current and future climate scenarios.""",,5_1
"Messrs. Bowen and Coles, who last year formed a company called Virginia Uranium, are asking the state to determine whether mining uranium really is a hazard and, if not, to lift the ban. But they've run into a brick wall of environmental activists who raise the specter of nuclear contamination and who are determined to prevent scientific studies of the issue.",,0_0
"The summer temperature reconstruction revealed the presence of warm conditions from the beginning of the record in AD 951 up to about AD 1350, which the authors associate with the Medieval Warm Period. Thereafter, temperatures declined and an extended cold period known as the Little Ice Age ensued, which persisted until approximately 1850 ... with one brief exception. For a few short decades in the mid- to late-1500s, there was an uncharacteristically warm episode, the temperatures of which were only exceeded at the beginning and end of the 1052-year record, i.e., during the Medieval and Current Warm Periods. What it means",,2_1
Congress considers legislation changing the rules for union organizing.,,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Goondiwindi Argus,,0_0
"21 The methodology was not applied to utilities because a 1990 court decision (Wisconsin Electric Power Co. v. Reilly) held it would substantially change the legal meaning of a major modification"" and therefore had to go through the rulemaking process before being changed. EPA interprets the court's ruling narrowly, asserting it still can use ""actual-to-potential"" when regulating nonutility emitters. The switch to ""actual-to-potential"" for nonutility emitters has never gone through formal rulemaking procedures.""",,0_0
"On top of that, there is diffusion which is much faster. When you donate a million of tons of Nature's most vital nutrient, carbon dioxide, to the atmosphere in Denver, this amount of gas will be distributed almost uniformly over the whole surface of the Earth within weeks or earlier.",,0_0
"Once again, we have another example of a marine organism that will likely benefit from so-called ocean acidification, even in the face of an important resource limitation??",,3_2
The EU's Emissions Trading System: Trouble in Paradise,,0_0
"As this updated climate map reveals, the severe drought condition for Australia during 2011 was essentially non-existent. The IPCC-based climate science predicted more frequent and intense droughts, which has not been the case.",,1_7
"In April 2014, CEI sent a request for correction of this statement under the federal Information Quality Act, citing peer-reviewed scientific articles debunking it. In June 2014, OSTP rejected this request, claiming that Holdren's statement was his personal opinion,"" not the agency's position, and that they thus did not constitute ""information"" subject to the Information Quality Act, which excludes ""subjective opinions"" from its reach.""",,0_0
"RSI At the start of November RSI had a peak, but it was a lower peak than the near 80 from August. Lower Highs is a downtrend.",,0_0
"Such a dramatic decrease of the frequency of record cold temperatures is clearly not happening because the record cold temperatures seem to be as frequent as they were in the past. More precisely, their frequency should be naturally decreasing with the growing temperature records (with time).",,1_3
"Add to that the fact that more than 2/3rds of the worlds stations (most rural) have dropped out and or are often missing monthly data, 69% of the first nearly 600 US stations evaluated by Anthony Watts surface stations.org are poor or very poorly sited with only 4% meeting official standards and no changes were made for the known biases of new instrumentation.",,5_1
"With 80% of the worlds oil shale, our potential sources of crude are three times the size of the recoverable oil reserves of Saudi Arabia.",,4_5
It is possible that the current $9 per barrel difference between U.S. and global oil prices could shrink slightly if some oil is exported. Barclays Bank says eliminating the export ban could add $10 billion a year to overall national gasoline costs.,,0_0
Lofgren says those concerns are reasonable and that her bill addresses them by limiting slots to graduates of research universities designated by the National Science Foundation.,,0_0
"13. Jared Diamond, Environmental Collapse and the End of Civilization,"" Harper's (June 2003).""",,0_0
The strange thing from my point of view is that its in the middle of nowhere. Zooming in:,,0_0
LONDON (A.P.).-The earth isgetting warmer. The oceans aregetting deeper. The glaciers aregetting smaller. Even the fish are changing their way of life.,,0_0
"What to expect for the lobster? It may benefit at the beginning in terms of faster growth due to warmer temperatures, she said.",,0_0
"The video was based on an approach pioneered by Lean and Rind (2008) and Foster and Rahmstorf (2011), by determining the contribution of known influences on global temperature to best explain those temperatures. However this approach can give misleading results if significant influences on temperature are missing from the analysis, or if wrong influences are included.",,5_1
"That's the word from 11 co-authors, led by Johan Rockst m of the Stockholm Resilience Centre, of a pseudo-scientific screed published August 24 in Earth's Future, an open-access online journal of the American Geophysical Union.",,0_0
"One cannot enter a discussion about rainforest loss without talking about its effect on the earth's species. Indeed, with the rainforests thought to be home to at least an estimated half of all species, this is the number one reason advanced as to why we must stop rainforest conversion, and put through an international Biodiversity Treaty that could lock up most of the remaining areas.",,0_0
"It is in this context that the Manhattan Institute's Center for Energy and the Environment offers this publication. It is predicated on the belief that wise and prudent policies in these areas require a well-informed citizenry one well versed in the facts. With that goal in mind, the Center sought, with the help of survey research conducted by Zogby Associates, to determine what Americans believe about energy and environmental issues. We report here on the answers given by 1,000 Americans, chosen to be representative of public opinion generally, on matters such as the sources of U.S. energy supply, the extent of the oil supply, the rate of global warming, and trends in atmospheric pollution. Our poll was taken at a time ""the summer of 2006 ""when, because of a sharp increase in the price of gasoline, public interest in energy and environmental issues was particularly keen.""",,0_0
"Unfortunately for them, their actual proof is literally non-existent - they have no empirical evidence to stand on, other than anecdotal stories and/or singular, one-off events. Instead, they base their predictions and their foolish claims on computer simulations. Of course, what they always fail to mention is that the climate models were programmed by the climate model scientists"" to produce severe weather event predictions from...wait...take a guess...yes!, from global warming.""",,5_1
"According to the EIA, the United States is producing less electricity now than it did when Obama took office From 2008 to 2012, U.S. electricity production declined by 1.7%.""",,0_0
"Nonlinear interactions and feedbacks across spatial scales and their associated thresholds are common features of biological, physical, and materials systems ..These spatial nonlinearities and emergent behaviors challenge the ability of scientists and engineers to understand and predict system behavior at one scale based on information obtained at finer or broader scales .Cross-scale interactions often result in surprises with severe consequences for the environment and human welfare.",,0_0
"The signers are: Fred Smith and Myron Ebell, CEI; Paul Weyrich, Coalitions for America; Grover Norquist, Americans for Tax Reform; former Senator Malcolm Wallop, Frontiers of Freedom; David Keene, American Conservative Union; Paul Gessing, National Taxpayers Union; James Backlin, Christian Coalition; Amy Ridenour, National Center for Public Policy Research; Darrell McKigney, Small Business Survival Committee; Richard Lessner, American Renewal; Tom DeWeese, American Policy Center; Chuck Muth, Citizen Outreach; Steve Milloy, Citizens for the Integrity of Science; Ron Pearson, Council for America; Kevin Kearns, U.S. Business and Industry Council; Dennis Avery, Hudson Institute; Jim Boulet, Jr., English First; and Joan Hueter, American Council for Immigration Reform.",,0_0
"28 For he is not a Jew, which is one outwardly; neither is that circumcision, which is outward in the flesh:",,0_0
"Lohmann et al plotted the geologically reconstructed temperatures and compared them to modeled temperature curves from the ECHO-G Model. What did they find? The modeled trends underestimated the geologically reconstructed temperature trend by a factor of two to five. Other scientists have come up with similar results (e.g. Lorenz et al. 2006, Brewer et al. 2007, Schneider et al. 2010).",,5_1
"The focus on direct energy use obscures the fact that Americans have many choices when it comes to reducing their energy and environmental footprint besides cutting back on the direct use of oil, natural gas, and electricity. Those who want to reduce their energy consumption but are unable or unwilling to forego the roomier house or car can cut down on discretionary medical purchases; minimize pharmaceutical waste; cut back on air travel; and replace high-energy foods (beef and refined grain products) with lower-energy foods such as poultry, legumes, and fresh fruits and vegetables. Can we both preserve consumer choice and expand options for energy conservation? Yes, we can.",,0_0
"As politicians from around the world prepare to meet in Paris for the latest round of climate talks, their focus should be on spreading the fracking revolution worldwide. Their goal should not be making energy more expensive. Instead, it should be making cleaner energy cheaper.",,0_0
"Fears of adverse publicity and expense of such lawsuits compel some businesses to surrender to As You Sow, whose conquests, according to public records, have included: plumbing fixture manufacturers and jewelry manufacturers/retailers whose products may contain lead; the California Dental Association over mercury in dental amalgam; and portable classroom manufacturers over formaldehyde emissions.",,0_0
"Dear Editor: The lead editorial in the June 14 Washington Post contains several misguided statements, but the one that made me re-read a few times says, What Congress should do is find the courage to put a price on carbon and then let the market determine how best to limit emissions.""Courage has nothing to do with it. Sound science and economics--both in short supply in the debate over climate change--should dictate what Congress does or doesn't do. The Post's recommendation is the worse sort of top-down regulation masquerading as a ""market"" solution. Markets can determine what is worth achieving at what price, not simply attaining goals determined by politicians.Jim Eiden (jeiden@heartland.org) is legislative specialist on environment and energy issues for The Heartland Institute.""",,0_0
"By the time the Clean Air Amendments of 1970 had federalized air pollution control, smoke had been conquered in most urban areas, and air quality was improving substantially in the most polluted areas -- particularly for the very pollutants perceived to be causing the worst problems.8",,0_0
"Regulating GHGs under the CAA leads inexorably to absurd results,"" including an economically-chilling administrative quagmire. To prevent GHG regulation from overwhelming agency administrative resources and stifling economic development, EPA proposes to suspend, for six years, the ""major"" source applicability thresholds for the CAA pre-construction and operating permits programs. That is, EPA proposes to amend the Act. This violation of the separation of powers compounds the constitutional crisis inherent in the Court's substitution of its will for that of the people's elected representatives.""",,4_1
"11. Union of Concerned Scientists, World Scientists' Warning to Humanity"" (1992), available at http://www.ucsusa.org/ucs/about/page.cfm?pageID=1009.""",,0_0
"I know someone who was killed doing this, in what I suspect was the same manner. The truck's hydraulics were functional, but the control levers to engage them were not. Thus, the box had to be raised by activating the hydraulics from under the truck. As it did, the weight of the sliding load caused the truck to suddenly move forward (the brakes were defective or disengaged) and he was crushed beneath the rear wheels.",,0_0
"When doing business becomes so expensive, there tends to be a lot less of it. Of course businesses pass on their costs, so regulation becomes a hidden trillion-dollar tax on consumers. This is bad policy at any time. During a recession, it's economic hara-kiri. The numbers are up as well as the costs. The 2008 Federal Register reached a record 79,435 pages, up 10 percent from the previous year. Even as the economy dipped into recession, agencies issued 3,830 new final rules. As you read this, 4,004 new federal regulations fill the pipeline, 753 of which affect small businesses.",,0_0
"In a few brief hours, we are told, the snowy superfortresses will be above us again, bomb bays bulging with blizzard. It may be that in the next hours and days we have to step up our de-icing, our gritting and our shovelling. So let me seize this brief gap in the aerial bombardment to pose a question that is bugging me. Why did the Met Office forecast a mild winter""?""",,0_0
"Whole books oneach of these issuesfrom the market-failure viewpoint conclude that mankind is on a perilous path, and government-engineered energy transformation is necessary. But students of energy history and energy policy must ask: Has a political makeover of any industry ever worked well for consumers and taxpayers? Or has it had the opposite effect? Naturalmakeover from shifting consumer demand, revered in the term creative destruction , is one thing; government carrots-and-sticks to pick winners and losers is quite another.",,4_2
"This is legislative thuggery, andenergy realists shouldpounce it whenever it rears its ugly head. Our response should be always, Take that gun away fromour head, and then well debate the merits of your cap-and-trade bill.",,0_0
"To me, the most significant thing that the Climategate emails show is that the deck is stacked against the publication of research results that are critical of the established scientific consensus and that the skids are greased for papers that run in support. It is little wonder why the literature is as one-sided as it is on the issue. The folks who are responsible for establishing the consensus have also taken it upon themselves to be the protectors of it. Not a good situation for the advancement of science.",,5_2
North Africa : Ground Zero For Global Warming,,0_0
"If you dont believe in global warming, the terrorists win . Either way, man-caused disasters are to blame.",,0_0
"On February 24, one day after the Obama speech, the U.S. Geological Survey released a report on the amount of oil estimated to exist in the North Slope of Alaska . The amount of oil that is technically recoverable in the United States is more than 1.4 trillion barrels, with the largest deposits located offshore, in portions of Alaska, and in shale in the Rocky Mountain West. When combined with resources from Canada and Mexico, total recoverable oil in North America exceeds 1.7 trillion barrels.",,4_5
Another great president took exactly the opposite approach.,,0_0
"So Briffa and Melvin clearly understood at the time that I had not promoted or advocated Scenario A (or Scenario B or Polar Urals for that matter), but had raised valid questions and that it was important to examine inhomogeneity using the sort of sensitivity analyses that I had carried out.",,0_0
"Read here . Since the Climategate revelations, the IPCC has literally become the laughingstock of the science community. And more recently, they soiled their reputation even further by pre-announcing what they plan to tell policymakers in 2014. (Objective science? Fuh'get about it!)",,5_2
"Lev Semenovi Pontryagin was born in Moscow, Russian Empire, on September 3th, 1908, i.e. 105 years ago, and died in May 80 years later, about 25+ years ago.",,0_0
"At the same fall meeting four years ago, Al Gore spoke to ten thousand assembled scientists. The scientists treated him like a rock star. Why would the scientists love Al Gore? His movie, An Inconvenient Truth , was full of scientific errors . But this is about not biting the hand that feeds you. When Al Gore spreads global warming hysteria, financial and political support for climate science increases. Scientists become guests on TV shows instead of lab drones.But a dark cloud is gathering over climate science. Public fear of global warming is declining. Most of the activist scientists gathered in San Francisco were blind to the possibility that there is any defect in their scary product. It must be that forces of darkness (perhaps Republicans or coal companies) are financing skeptics. Apparently the skeptics, cleverly disguised as grassroots activists, have an uncanny knack for propaganda.",,5_2
"The WTO's able and indefatigable Director General, Pascal Lamy, has acknowledge that after a decade of intense deliberations, Doha Round negotiations are in paralysis."" Rather than picking over the bones of Doha, the December Ministerial should be devoted to clearing the decks and then beginning the complicated process of planning for a future agenda-if and when the elusive ""political will"" ever reappears among the political leaders of WTO members.""",,0_0
"According to the British Met Office , the 2007 Arctic ice-melt was an anomaly unrelated to climate change. The article says, Modeling of Arctic sea ice by the Met Office Hadley Centre climate model shows that ice invariably recovers from extreme events, and that the long-term trend of reduction is robustwith the first ice-free summer expected to occur between 2060 and 2080. It is unlikely that the Arctic will experience ice-free summers by 2020.",,1_1
Environmental laws since the 1970s require public input into federal land-use decisions including logging on national forests. This has led to lawsuits challenging efforts by the U.S. Forest Service to prevent forest fires by thinning out trees (most of which are dead or diseased) and brush by machines and carefully controlled burns. This dead wood is the fuel that feeds catastrophic wildfires.,,0_0
"One problem is that he will be using the RegEM method, which provides no",,0_0
Structural uncertainty is rarely quantified in context of subsequent model versions. Continual ad hoc adjustment of GCMs(calibration) provides a means for the model to avoid being falsified new model forms with increasing complexity aregenerally regarded better.,,5_1
Scientists aim to improve photosynthesis to increase food and fuel production:,,0_0
"It was roundly de-bunked at the time by several commentators and it would have been forgotten and consigned to its proper place in the dustbin, if it hadnt been continually quoted by activists as fact.",,0_0
"When the Sun is approximately on the opposite side from the Earth than the Moon and if we can see the Moon, we can see our side"" of the Moon (it's night right now because the Sun is beneath the horizon) which is the same side that is illuminated by the Sun, too. We see the full moon; the whole Moon is a bright disk. As the Moon keeps on orbiting around the Earth (and the Earth plus Moon revolve around the Sun, but the latter motion is slower than the lunar motion), the lunar phases alternate. So we may also see something in between a ""C"" and a new moon, i.e. a thin banana, and so on.""",,0_0
"The Merkel government now stresses that fossil fuels will remain the foundation of German energy supply for many years to come. It has also announced it will produce a new national energy plan in 2013, with support from all institutions. In the meantime, the energy transformation is entering a chaotic phase.",,0_0
"However, observations show that outgoing longwave infrared radiation has increased over the past 62 years, not decreased as predicted by AGW theory:",,5_1
Some seek to exploit tragedy. Others seek to help.,,0_0
"He has argued in his ???previous papers that the available climatic data would suggest an astronomical modulation of the cloud cover that would induce small oscillations in the albedo which, consequently, would cause oscillations in the surface temperature also by modulating ocean oscillations??",,2_1
There are all kinds of conspiracy theories on the web. ANYTHING can be done with video and photoshop to make any visual you want. Just a question of time and talent. Folks get paid for videos that go viral. The result is a lot of crap. Alien spacecraft shown flying over The City and who knows what all else. Some quite good. (Though fake). But Im committed to watching due to the power of the Chiefio-spouse number.,,0_0
Carbon cuts: first world vs third world,,0_0
"Not to forget Canadas own climate hysteric, David Suzuki, he came in for some mockery over some TV ads hes appeared in.",,0_0
TABLE Indicative Marginal Global Damages from Current GHG Emissions ($/Ton CO 2 -eq),,0_0
"In this instance journalist Peter Stanford falls for Pachauri?s claim that he?s being targeted in a shoot-the-messenger scenario. According to this narrative, the public doesn?t want to confront the danger of climate change so the person delivering the unwelcome news gets attacked.",,0_0
"We are proud of our many successesour CAFE victories, our challenge to the Kyoto Protocol and the precautionary principle, our defense of biotechnology, and our entry into the global environmental debate. CEI remains focused on actually advancing liberty. It is not enough to be right, we must also win! Logic alone wins few battles. We must find ways to communicate to those who don't read the Federal Register before bedtime. We have enough marriage manuals; we need more children.",,0_0
60-70: Boules (or Poker). Even more doctor appointments,,0_0
"When capital is sufficiently available, would-be entrepreneurs at the bottom of the pyramid have demonstrated a willingness to launch new ventures and invest in their futures that is, to embrace free-market capitalism to the benefit of all concerned.",,0_0
"What is rarely mentioned by climate alarmists is the incontrovertible fact that adding more carbon dioxide to the atmosphere has an ever-decreasing effect on global temperature. To illustrate this, compare covering a glass window with very thin paint. The first coat of paint cuts out some light, the second some more; but each subsequent coat has an ever decreasing effect on light shining through.",,2_3
"Living a speculative life necessarily involves chance of either loss or gain as part and parcel of an acceptance of powers beyond the reach of our own and to which our only civilised affect upon their influence over an outcome can be through negotiation. A person frustrated by the fact of this power might, therefore, express hostility towards the speculative process its presence necessitates and to which his desired outcomes must (to varying degrees) be surrendered.",,0_0
"It is curious to note that guests of the BBC broadcast rice have only up to a certain point after which one of them has wittily said Lysenko, with the personality and attitudes, would have a secure career in science modern British (mp3: 24m15s) .",,0_0
"Because Earths atmosphere also reacts much like the ionization trail effect seen in the Wilson cloud chamber, scientists such as Svensmark have postulated that galactic cosmic rays can affect the earth by causing changes in weather and possibly long term climate. Moving at close to the speed of light, these nuclear fragments smash into air molecules hard enough to knock electrons loose. This well-documented process creates negatively and positively charged ions.",,0_0
We apologize for this inconvenience. We do not want to compromise on the quality or value of our sandwiches.,,0_0
"Now Huybers 2005 demonstrated nothing of the sort. There was no error"" in our time series standardization. Our simulations reported in MM05a used a regression fit (which was in keeping with what was known about MBH methods at the time) and did not include a re-scaling step identified by Bger and Cubasch as a methodological ""flavor"". However, they showed the existence of spurious RE statistics in an MBH-type context. In our Reply to Huybers, ignored here by Mann, we responded fully to Huybers by showing an identical effect with re-scaling in the context of a network of 22 noisy proxies. Its too bad, in my opinion, that B and C did not discuss Reply to Huybers in more detail as its still ahead of the curve.""",,0_0
"dire warnings maintain that global warming poses catastrophic dangers to mankind. On the other hand, real science and a strong economy are the best tools we have to deal with whatever challengeithefuture holds.",,0_0
"So far this millenium, temperatures have dropped. If the current trends continue, people can expect to be freezing their butts off in the year 2100.",,1_4
"Below is a link to an awful piece by Legates. He told me he is a writing a paper, but",,0_0
"The region is a welter of putrefaction, where men die like flies. Even with all the money in the world and half its population it is impossible to finish this railway. The Public Works Company, 1873""",,0_0
"My main results are: Looking at the data 12 possible ways, I get 9 results that say reject the IPCC best estimate to a confidence of 95%.",,0_0
"Indeed, if there is an Achilles heel to climate reporting, it would be its penchant for simplistic, dramatic coverage be it a new study linking climate change to shrinking animals or to declining grape quality in wine-growing regions.",,0_0
"Plans for large-scale wind power collided with the reality that prevailing winds at nearly all the campuses are too weak to generate much electricity. To date, a single wind turbine has been installed, as a demonstration project. It spins too slowly in average winds to power a 60-watt light bulb.",,4_4
"The global climate models projected an atmospheric warming of more than 0.3 o C over the last 15 years, but instead, flat or cooling temperatures have occurred.",,1_4
"A new paper published in Environmental Research Letters finds excuse #66 for the 18+ year pause"" of global warming :There's no ""pause"" if you look at only the one single warmest and coldest days per year.""",,1_4
"Alarmists also claim current Arctic sea ice changes are unprecedented"" while ignoring proxy data indicating Arctic sea ice was much less than present-day during the Holocene Climate Optimum ~6,000 years ago , Arctic temperatures were warmer than the present multiple times over past 1357 years , the Medieval Warming Period in the Arctic was warmer than the present , Alaskan glaciers are about the same size as during the Medieval Warm Period , etc., etc.""",,2_1
"Moulin et al . conclude that sea urchins inhabiting stressful intertidal environments produce offspring that may better resist future ocean acidification."" And they add that the fact that ""the fertilization rate of gametes whose progenitors came from the tide pool with higher pH decrease was significantly higher,"" suggests ""a possible acclimation or adaptation of gametes to pH stress."" References""",,3_2
"Studies involving 28 million weather balloons, thousands of satellite recordings, 3,000 ocean buoys, temperature recordings from 50 sites in the US and a 1,000 years of temperature proxies suggest that the Global Climate Models overestimate positive feedback and are based on poor assumptions. Observations suggest lower values for climate sensitivity whether we study long-term humidity, upper tropospheric temperature trends, outgoing long wave radiation, cloud cover changes, or the changes in the heat content of the vast oceans.",,3_1
"However there is subtlety in his position too. He does not claim to know what the answers are; he claims that no one knows what the answers are. It is not a contest between opposite forecasts of what a thermometer will do, but one between certainty and not knowing. A key message is that the scientific enterprise in this field is dysfunctional and damaged. How can that be? It?s better funded than most, and plenty of influential scientists and organizations are its enthusiastic supporters. They would undoubtedly claim that there is nothing wrong at all. Answering that question, illustrated by the direct personal experiences of a field insider, makes this small volume compelling.",,0_0
"Now, the sensible and latent heat loss is a parasitic loss, which means a loss in a heat engine that costs efficiency. And as any engineer can testify, parasitic losses are proportional to temperature, and as the operating temperatures rise, parasitic losses rise faster and faster. In addition, the 100 W/m2 is the global average, but these losses are disproportionately centered at the hot end of the system. At that end, they are rising as some power factor of the increasing temperature.",,0_0
"Speth gamely concedes that some projections, like those on the prices of food and minerals, Global 2000 got wrong, and the report had many shortcomings."" It would be a useful exercise for Speth to ponder these ""shortcomings"" for what they might tell us about how to revise long-term forecasting. Instead, Speth insists that, for all its errors, Global 2000 was essentially correct: ""We have entered the endgame in our traditional, historical relationship with the natural world."" But the authors have at least learned one thing from their previous specific errors: do not make firm predictions about the future. The new genre of doomsday books eschews specific forecasts, such that it will not be possible in the future to say they were wrong.""",,0_0
Canada's Hudson Bay: Is Earlier Sea-Ice Breakup In Bay An Indication of AGW? Scientists Say No,,0_0
"Toward the end of the past decade, China set itself an ambitious goal: to dramatically ramp up its electric vehicle production and surpass the rest of the worlds automobile industries in this important new market. It was a policy intended to play a crucial role in the countrys economic development and long-term energy strategy and in solving some of its important environmental and health problems.",,0_0
"To borrow the alarmists' claim that is ritually, if absurdly, made about the science: We have a consensus against greenhouse gas (energy) rationing, and the consensus is growing.""",,5_2
the paper by Wang et al (which I have been unable to access) in the decision to,,0_0
The Narrawong teacher will make a presentation for international educators and policy makers at the Greening Education Conference to be held in south-west Germany next week.,,0_0
"The Daily Show. Jon Stewart, who hosts the popular Daily Show, recently introduced his viewers to the idea of geoengineering as a solution to climate change, using AEI's own Sam Thernstrom as an expert. In typical Daily Show hyperbole, the producers titled the segment Our Dead Planet.""",,0_0
"Since it is apparently acceptable practice for Science magazine to accompany an article extolling the evils of anthropogenic climate change (and the need to take action) with an picture of a polar bear (or two) stranded on an ice floe (even though polar bears were not mentioned in the article), perhaps well accompany all of our articles with a photo of a thriving Trumpeter swan. After all, whats good the goose (or, er, swan)",,5_2
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Senior Fellow Eli Lehrer puts the subprime mortgage shakeup into historical perspective:,,0_0
3) the monetary damages from climate change caused by the burning of coal,,0_0
"A 2009 CSIRO report The Effect of Climate Change on Extreme Sea Levels in Port Phillip Bay for the Victorian government's Future Coasts Program is an example of its modelling. The model is based on temperature projections to 2100 of up to 6.4 o C. That comes from the most extreme scenario of the IPCC with unbelievable CO2 concentration of 1550 parts per million. Using up all known fossil fuel reserves would achieve only half this amount. The result was a projected sea-level rise for Port Phillip Bay by 2100 of 82cm. With the help of the Bureau of Meteorology, a further increase due to wind raised it to 98cm.",,0_0
We are dealing here with something more like religion and less like science.,,5_2
"1) Computer model output is not evidence"" of anything. Observations are evidence, never models. It's the scientific method, look it up.""",,5_1
"Would anyone care? You can see that there are warm places on the Earth, too: Sahara, Brazil, India, etc. But there are many other issues we should remember. First, the warming near the equator is going to be slower (the warming near the poles is amplified by the ice-albedo feedback effect). Second, the latitude is not the only coordinate that can compensate for the temperature changes. Altitude matters, too. The lapse rate is over 6 C per kilometer, so if you move yourself into the hills, the maximum centennial warming may be fully eliminated, too.",,0_0
"Ten years ago climate scientists forecast warm winters and lack of snow, because we were having warm winters and a lack of snow. Now they forecast cold winters and lots of snow, because that is what is occurring'",,0_0
These are just a few examples of lies and misleading statements that we encounter every day. Clinton lies frequently and Trump shouts a falsehood a dayand probably moreas a major part of his campaign. This is not what citizens of a free country should expect and demand. And these examples are part of a much larger set.,,0_0
"The all-clear signal on the hurricane front is another setback for the IPCC. In keeping with lead author Kevin Trenberths predictions, the IPCC report warned that there would be more hurricanes in a greenhouse climate. One of the graphs in the IPCC report is particularly mysterious. Without specifying a source, the graph suggestively illustrates how damage caused by extreme weather increases with rising average temperatures.",,1_7
"Homes in and near the forests become ashes, chimneys, and memories. Residents die in their homes or trying to flee the infernos. Firefighters perish trying to extinguish them.",,0_0
The next graph overlays the IPCC graph in red on the 1975 National Academy of Sciences graph at the same scale. Our scumbag friends have knocked half a degree off most of the 20th century.,,5_2
Scientists are struggling to explain a slowdown in climate change that has exposed gaps in their understanding and defies a rise in global greenhouse gas emissions.,,1_4
"Your criticism merely inverts the simplistic assumption it objects to. While those who prosecuted the War on Terror and later action in the region cant be held to account for the actions of ISIS, they can be held to account for creating the power vacuum and chaos that allowed them to take control of territory Not to mention backing with guns and money the very religious movements that turned out to be terrorists, as was predicted as early as the 1980s.",,0_0
"The Obama administration will create a new national monument covering 4,913 square miles not far off the New England coast.",,0_0
"Oh, my. Only American troglodytes and neanderthals are supposed to question whether the planet is hurtling towards climate disaster. Surely the Aussies can't be having any doubts. Al Gore, call your office!",,0_0
"Both the U.S. and India desire a stable and peaceful Afghanistan and fear the growth of radical Islamist groups, including the Taliban, Al Qaeda, Lashkar-e-Taiba and other such organizations. India has long stated that a stable and democratic Pakistan was in India's vital interests and that peace in the region is India's goal. India and the U.S. are also likely to take a similar view of the global security architecture.",,0_0
"Global warming is real. It is predominantly anthropogenic. Left unchecked, it will likely warm the earth by 3-7 C by the end of the century. What should the United States do about it?",,0_0
"The penny is fast dropping that by far the most disastrous appointment made by David Cameron to his Coalition Cabinet was that of the ultra-green, Lib Dem millionaire Chris Huhne as our Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change.",,0_0
revising the timeline rather than sticking to the agreed plan. This despite the,,0_0
"Alternatively, if that bump were real, it could have been a sign of compositeness, a heavy scalar (instead of a spin-one boson), or a triboson pretending to be a diboson. However, on Sunday, six string phenomenologists proposed a much more exciting explanation:",,0_0
"While homeopathy continues to enjoy the support of Britains royal family and is funded through the UKs National Health Service, the House of Commons report found its principles were theoretically weak and scientifically implausible.",,0_0
"National monument designations come with severe land- and, in this case, sea-use restrictions. For over four hundred years, the area targeted by green activists and the Obama administration has been one of the richest fishing grounds in North America.. The region's fishermen fear that the monument could spell the end of their industry and they suspect that this is the ultimate goal of environmentalists, in and out of government.",,0_0
"This is in now way excusable, and naturally we have to make sure that we make the peer-review of the text much more efficient.",,0_0
"Speaking methodically with flashes of humor I always feel that when the conversation turns to weather, people are bored. he said a basic problem with current computer climate models that show disastrous increases in temperature is that relatively small increases in atmospheric gases lead to large changes in temperatures in the models.",,5_1
"As the CO 2 content of the air increases, cumulative sap flow and, by implication, cumulative water-use will likely decrease in mature Scots pine trees. This phenomenon will likely enable this economically important tree species to better cope with water stress in the future, unless the ambient air temperature rises by 4C or more, which is highly unlikely. Thus, we can anticipate greater wood production and greater water savings in this woody species as the CO 2 content of the air continues to rise.",,3_3
Results of a study published this week in the journal Science show how fast animal and plant populations would need to move to keep up with recent climate change effects in the ocean and on land.,,0_0
"Fourth, and most important, CAFE kills. Design modification and materials substitution can make cars lighter and safer, but doing so costs money and it is not easy to do both simultaneously. The easiest way to improve mileage is to cut vehicle weight, but reducing the amount of metal surrounding drivers and passengers leaves them more vulnerable in an accident. In 2002, the National Academy of Sciences reported that CAFE kills an extra 1,300 to 2,600 people a year.",,0_0
?It will be interesting to see how predictions by the government-funded Met Office compare with independent forecasters.?,,0_0
"Global warming alarmists are predictable. If they see elevated sea surface temperature anomalies on a map anywhere close to a weather event, they immediately claim manmade global warming contributed, or will contribute, to the weather. They erred that way with Hurricane Sandy sea surface temperatures along Sandys storm track havent warmed in 70+ years and theyve done it again with the blizzard threatening New England today. Refer to the WattsUpWithThat post Propagandist Brad Johnson of Forecast the Facts tries to make the pending East Coast blizzard about the ocean warming Fails .",,1_4
"Japan caused an uproar last week when it flatly said it will refuse to go along, as long as all major emitting countries have similar obligations. The United States was assigned a reduction target, but it rejected the treaty. Developing countries, including China India were excluded from Kyoto's strictures.",,0_0
I am ashamed to be Norwegian today. The Norwegian Nobel Committee chose to give the prize to a shyster and a bureaucratic ministry of truth. I am not sure if I am more furious or more ashamed.,,0_0
Carbon dioxide from human activities will most likely cause dangerous climate change in the foreseeable future.,,0_0
"Stranger than fiction: A little background on the cartooning and cricket blogging of John Cook of Skeptical Science, Al Gores Climate Reality drop partner.",,0_0
"Why, such a thing is hard to believe; (link fixed!) ...the UKs General Medical Council has found that Andrew Wakefield the founder of the modern antivaccination movement acted dishonestly and irresponsibly"" when doing the research that led him to conclude that vaccinations were linked with autism. Despite this and other sarcastic headlines, I'm not suggesting all scientists are unethical and/or incompetent. But I do believe peer review systems (not to mention, hiring standards) are failing us when those who engage in political activism are permitted to even remain within the walls of research institutions. I was going to write that the bullying, obfuscation, data manipulation, public activism (and shoddy science journalism ) we've witnessed in the name of ""climate"" research is just the tip of the iceberg , but that's not quite accurate. It's more like a template.""",,5_2
"Had it been otherwise, fracking"" would never have gotten off the ground. The incredible North Dakota, Texas and Pennsylvania oil, gas, jobs and revenue boom would never have occurred. Vast deposits of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids would have remained trapped in shale rock formations, thousands of feet below Earth's surface.""",,4_5
TCR calculation based on AR5 forcing estimates,,0_0
Victory as WV School Board allows students to debate global warming,,0_0
"Didn't he fear discovery? When I had to balance the interests of my own safety, the privacy and career of a few scientists, and the well-being of billions of people living in the coming several decades millions and billions already struggling with malnutrition, sickness, violence, illiteracy, etc. the first two weren't the decisive concern.""",,0_0
"Stewart (2015) created a model that only included 1) area of talus and 2) summer mean temperature as the determinants of local pika extinctions. Assuming that model represents reality, they then argued that according to projected warming from CO2 driven models, pika will become increasingly extirpated from 39% to 88% of these historical sites.",,0_0
"You would have thought the world was coming to an end last week after popular movie streaming service Netflix raised its prices by 60%. The company's customers took to blogs and social networks in revolt, threatening to cancel their subscriptions. However, between the cost of mailing DVDs and paying increased licensing fees for content, a Netflix rate hike was inevitable. Is Netflix still one of the best movie bargains available today, and if not, are there any alternatives?",,0_0
"What this means, is that the observed rate of global temperature change has been quite slow during this time, and while perhaps not totally unprecedented in the realm of model projections, at the very least, it is starting to become pretty unusual.",,1_4
"A closely similar rate of rise in global temperature occurred from 1910 to 1940, pre-dating current high CO2 emissions",,2_1
Maybe the IPCC might cotton on to the additional reality that our current very weak solar cycle 24 is not exactly portending warmer times.,,1_2
"Because so small a fraction of global emissions will be abated by the scheme, simple calculations based on the IPCCs central assumptions about how much warming will occur this century (which, for the sake of argument, I simply accepted as correct) show that as a result of the full and successful operation of the scheme global CO2 concentration will fall from 410 to er 409.93 parts per million by volume by the end of the decade.",,4_2
"So what I have documented is a collection of observations and analyses that together is telling a story of relatively modest climate changes to come. Not that temperatures won?t rise at all over the course of this century, but rather than our climate becoming extremely toasty, it looks like we?ll have to settle (thankfully) for it becoming only lukewarm.",,3_1
"But Roger wants a naive estimate, and this is mine: Naive, but accounting for a feature that is strongly indicated by available: This is the statistically significant positive trend.",,0_0
"... was disappointed, however, that the poster abstract submitted with Lloyd Keigwin (WHOI), Misrepresentations of Sargasso Sea Temperatures by Global Warming Doubters, was rejected. It had to be truly disappointing when LFCS named Mark Boslough learned that Dr Chlek didn't want incompetent aggressive crackpots to exploit their incredible presence at the conference to attack actual scientists. Let me ignore the long and vacuous Curry-bashing by LFCS Mark Boslough and jump to the most important point of his article:",,5_2
But now scientists claim that warming of the planet is in fact behind a paradoxical growth in South Pole sea ice.,,1_1
"What follows is the Arctic part of Prof. Fritz Vahrenholtsand Frank Bosses recently posted article: The sun August 2014, the internal variability of the climate and the latest on Arctic ice . Time permitting, I will do the translation ofthe solar part a little later.",,0_0
"A new pricing survey of products sold at the world's largest retailer showed a 0.6 percent price increase in just the last two months, according to MKM Partners. At that rate, prices would be close to four percent higher a year from now, double the Fed's mandate.",,0_0
"As of last week, the sea surface temperature anomalies in the NINO4 and NINO1+2 regions were still elevated, while the NINO3 and NINO3.4 regions have dropped out of El Nio conditions, where El Nio conditions are defined as sea surface temperature anomalies equal to or greater than +0.5 deg C.",,0_0
Simplicity is Beautiful: How to Build a DemocracyRyan Young's op-ed in The Daily Caller,,0_0
1) Climate models overwhelming expected much more warming to have taken place over the past several decades than actually occurred; and,,5_1
"The last of the trend graphs on a zonal-mean basis is for the Indian Ocean, Figure 6. The models, basically, show way too much warming at most latitudes.",,0_0
Ms Morris quotes from Ms Wheelers book about,,0_0
The Science paper refers to several other papers that also derive these declining discount rates. A necessity for all of them is that the lower discount rate must be in force for an extended period.,,0_0
"Indian Drought of 1900-1/4 to 3 1/4 million die due to drought, starvation and disease",,0_0
"Despite being treated like 17th century witches,"" many scientists are reexamining the evidence and reversing their positionseven calling their previous views: ""quite a big mistake.""",,0_0
Are your tax dollars helping hide global warming data from the public? Internal emails leaked as part of Climategate 2.0 indicate the answer may be Yes.,,5_2
"The current temperature in Westminster, MD is 56.9 degrees. The previous cold record for the date was 57.02 degrees.",,1_3
"According to these sjlvrttfrdiga vrldsbilder, is the science that bestmmer the only correct policy. Democratic decision-Fri sit in bakstet No the wise men who understands science demands sitting at the wheel.",,0_0
"First, I suspect that we will see the EPA Administrator raised to cabinet rank. With this will come a more radical and assertive EPA. This should not be surprising. Even within this Administration, the EPA has been flexing its muscles. The issuance of the Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on regulating greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act was accompanied by reactions from other government departments about how terrible the rules would be, rather than going through the usual process of dealing with these difficulties internally and watering down the rule. Given that Obama has said he will want the EPA, absent Congressional action, to go ahead with its plans, this may be an indication that EPA will become an agency that, in most cases, is primus inter pares.",,0_0
"A global perspective is developed on a number of high impact climate extremes in 2010 through diagnostic studies of the anomalies, diabatic heating, and global energy and water cycles that demonstrate relationships among variables and across events. Natural variability, especially ENSO , and global warming from human influences together resulted in very high sea surface temperatures (SSTs) in several places that played a vital role in subsequent developments.",,0_0
"* The climate crisis dogma-premised sustainable energy"" fetish has caused disastrous government policies in the U.S. and abroad, particularly in Europe where failures have produced economic distress.""",,4_1
"hyposthesis put out by IPCC and others, this report from 3 Naval Officers goes into the defense issues.",,0_0
Heavy Thunderstorm Rain Closes State Route 20,,0_0
I was meaning to write about the cringe-inducing website called Skeptical Science and todays Revkins piece at dotEarth finally pushed me forward.,,5_2
"Working Group I , remember, was supposed to tell us the scientific case for man-made global warming. If our emissions arent driving the climate towards a catastrophe, then we dont need to analyze what happens during the catastrophe we probably wont get. This applies equally to War, Pestilence, Famine, Drought, Floods, Storms, and Shrinking Fish (which, keep in mind, could have led to the ultimate disaster: shrinking fish and chips ).",,0_0
"The climate models stored in the CMIP5 archive are supposed to be simulations of Earths climate, but the simulated sea surface temperatures of the models used by the IPCC for their 5 th Assessment Report are definitely not of this planet. 70% of the Earth is covered by oceans, seas and lakes. Because the models show no skill at being able to simulate the rates of warming and cooling of the surfaces of the global oceans over the past 32+ years, and because the models show no skill at being able to reproduce the spatial patterns of that warming and cooling, all of which drive temperature and precipitation patterns on land, then any and all projections of future climate are based on modeled worlds that have no similarity to the real world. In other words,climate modelprojections are meaningless.",,5_1
"Around the world, meanwhile, record low temperatures continue to make a mockery of global warming theories. While anecdotal, to be sure, Cairo, Egypt, just saw its first snowfall in more than 100 years . In the United States there have been thousands of new records for cold temperatures and snowfalls just in the month of December. In an extremely bizarre twist, some climate scientists have even started claiming that the freezing temperatures are actually more evidence of global warming.",,1_3
"President Obama's modest proposal to slice $17 billion from 121 government programs quickly ran into a buzz saw of opposition on Capitol Hill yesterday, as an array of Democratic lawmakers vowed to fight White House efforts to deprive their favorite initiatives of federal funds.",,0_0
"U.S. Climate Scientists Adjusting"" Surface Temps To Make Global Warming Theory ""Work"" Are Not Alone""",,5_2
"If we entered another Dalton type minimum post 2019, the present positive Global Temperature Anomaly would be completely eliminated.",,1_2
"A new report by the Business Roundtable (BRT) agrees that technology is the key, but only in the long run. The report reaffirms BRT's opposition to the Kyoto Protocol. The protocol, says the report, does not include developing countries, it would have a negative impact on the U.S. economy and it would bring no significant global environmental benefit.""",,0_0
"Congress and the courts must end the constant collusion and sue-and-settle lawsuits between the EPA and radical pressure groups. Congress must cut agency budgets, especially the billions of dollars the EPA and other agencies give to anti-energy advocacy organizations and rubber-stamping advisory panels.",,0_0
FACT: Tropical storm activity has been falling since the 1980s.,,1_7
"??They are obviously tuttorecchi to know who can deal better than me, than you will reduce global temperature in 2020 thanks to 20-20-20. Lomborg also on Sole24Ore recently spoke of hundredths of a degree, in 2100.",,4_2
"Indeed, more recent studies confirm that the IPCC overestimated the level of greenhouse gas emissions humans are likely to create in the rest of this century, and may also overestimate overall population growth, economic growth, technological progress, and other factors that drive aggregate greenhouse gas emissions.",,5_1
"After more than three decades of being told that the Earth was dangerously heating up by people like Al Gore and the UNs Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, there are more voices warning that the current cold cycle that will last, at a minimum, several decades.",,1_2
"Within the military, the concept of strategy"" has not fared much better. The post-Cold War era has witnessed a surreal debate between the disciples of Clausewitz, who invariably confuse strategy with the operational level of war, and the supporters of the supposed Revolution in Military Affairs reducing war to ""targeting and shooting,"" and whose network-centric paradigm leads to a tacticization of strategy.10""",,0_0
"missing long-term declining trends/signals, which were removed (by",,0_0
"In 2011 the Congressional Research Service reported that America's reserves of coal are unsurpassed, accounting for more than 28% of the world's coal. It estimated that U.S. recoverable coal reserves were approximately 262 billion tonsnot including massive, but difficult to access, Alaskan reserves.",,0_0
Desert Solar Power Plant a Risk to Air Safety,,0_0
4 so that your alms may be in secret; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you.,,0_0
"And a quick aside: there is no such thing as a ???global temperature??, knowing as fact that such a conjuredup parameter is based on just a few thousand weather stations spread across a tiny portion of the earths29% land, with none at the Poles, none in the oceans and some stations being treated as giving thetemperature of entire countries?! It is a truly meaningless parameter and the ???amount of warming?? hasrecently been expressed as being in the hundredths of one degree Celsius ??? you couldn??t make this up ifyou wanted to.Plus, the earth stations have been proven to have been tampered with so that coolingtrends have been fabricated into warming trends.",,5_1
"There is an obvious sense of panic in the rhetoric of climatecampaigners right now. This panic arises not simply from the fact thatthe global economic crisis is derailing expensive climate action plans,but from the deeper problem that the scientific case for catastrophicglobal warming is slowly unraveling.",,5_1
and which reads The probability that A is true given the evidence E. (The vertical bar | means given.),,0_0
"Orange News, sport and weather | Central Western Daily",,0_0
The authors decomposed average air surface temperature series obtained from GISS and sunspot number (Rz) from 1880 2005 to see if a correlation could be found. They performed a cross correlation analysis between band-passed filtered data around 11-year and 22 years.,,0_0
"Synopsis: There is no evidence of extinctions being caused by human CO2. Source here . The IPCC claims new evidence suggests that climate-driven extinctions and range retractions are already widespread and the projected impacts on biodiversity are significant and of key relevance, since global losses in biodiversity are irreversible (very high confidence). These claims are not supported by scientific research.""",,3_2
Google Resumes Work on Oklahoma Data Center:,,0_0
But is the Pause perhaps caused by the fact that CO2 emissions have not been rising anything like as fast as the IPCCs business-as-usual Scenario A prediction in 1990? No: CO2 emissions have risen rather above the Scenario-A prediction (Fig. T3).,,1_4
"Further information on the upward step changes that result from strong El Nio events, refer to my posts from a year ago Can El Nino Events Explain All of the Global Warming Since 1976? Part 1 and Can El Nino Events Explain All of the Global Warming Since 1976? Part 2",,2_1
"Johanna As jamspid pointed out, what on earth have Boko Haram or ISIS got to do with Bush and Blair? I doubt that most of their members have ever heard of Bush and Blair, or their doctrine.",,0_0
"There were some political games that were played, that took it off the trail and path to completion, where Republicans put it out there as something that was put on a timetable that it could not be resolved. It caused a delay, Lew said. Playing political games with something like this was a mistake.",,0_0
"The motion is unlikely to have practical consequences, however, because under Italian law the government may or may not take into account the message it received from the Senate. When asked about its opinion on the motion, the government said it had no opinion, so majority senators were left free to vote according to their own judgment. Regrettably, Environmental Minister Stefania Prestigiacomo didn't participate the debate in the Senate: that gave a chance to Sen. Roberto Della Seta, who spoke on behalf of the Democratic Party and voted against the motion, to blame the executive's behavior.",,0_0
"The unvalidated IPCC (including CSIRO)computer climate models that project significant human-caused warming in the future are faulty, with many known inadequacies; not surprisingly, therefore, these models have proved to be incorrect when compared with real-world temperature data;",,5_1
"James Hansen, the high priest of global warming, told Congress in 2008 that those who question him should be tried for high crimes against humanity and nature.""",,5_2
"Bureau of Land Management, EPCA Phase III: Questions and Answers,"" http://www.blm.gov/wo/st/en/prog/energy/oil and gas/EPCA III/EPCA III faq.print.html (accessed July 6, 2016), and Institute for Energy Research, ""Oil and Natural Gas Booms on Private and State Lands,"" April 14, 2015, http://instituteforenergyresearch.org/analysis/oil-and-natural-gas-production-booms-on-private-and-state-lands-plummets-on-federal-lands/ (accessed July 22, 2016).""",,0_0
There are several favorite lines of defense when trying to rationalize away the record Antarctic ice.,,1_1
"During the past year, the wave of bankruptcies in solar has devastated the entire industry, while solar investors have lost almost ?25bn on the stockmarket.",,0_0
"That is exactly the method used, with a base period of 18601879, by the energy budget study Otto et al. (2013), of which I was a co-author. That study used estimates of radiative forcing that are approximately consistent with estimates from Chapters 7 and 8 of AR5, but since AR5 had not at that time been published the forcings were actually diagnosed from CMIP5 models, with an adjustment being made to reflect satellite-observation-derived estimates of aerosol forcing. However, in a blog-published study, here , I did use the same method but with forcing estimates (satellite-based for aerosols) taken from the second draft of AR5. That study estimated only ECS, based on changes between 18711880 and 20022011, but a TCR estimate of 1.30C is readily derived from information in it.",,0_0
"Tuesday, November 30, 2010 at 01:24:41 PM at epicenter",,0_0
"Serious - Less than 10 percent of fossil fuel has been burnt. Should we burn the other 90 percent? Economists predict that should 10 times more fossil fuel be burnt, there would be a 25 percent reduction in the size of our economy (GPD) by 2100.",,0_0
making America more energy independent has inverted an equation that,,0_0
"HEM is based on well-established economic theory as well as historical data and contains a variety of modules that interact with each other for long-term forecasting. In particular, HEM focuses on the interactions among (1) the supply, conversion, and demand of energy in its various forms; (2) American energy and the overall American economy; (3) the American energy market and the world petroleum market; and (4) current production and consumption decisions as well as expectations about the future These modules include:",,0_0
"M.K. Muthoo, leader of a FAO/UNDP Project Team, wrote in 1978, Brazil has abundant natural forest. It holds that world's biggest tropical forest reserve, in the Amazon, which can be continuously used and improved at the same time, but has hardly been tapped."" (Rational Readings, Simon, pp.745-746).""",,0_0
"While it's not clear whether litmus test politics explains the continued criticism of LNG imports by the troika of Markey, Waxman and Wyden, it explains some of it. Why else would Markey remain so belligerent about expanding natural gas exploration when his own state actually imports almost half of its natural gas suppliesnot from the Marcellus Shale formation in Pennsylvania, which is experiencing an export boom, but from Yemen.",,0_0
"As The Washington Post writer Charles Lane observed at the time: ?It?s one thing to lose your job because a competing firm built a superior mouse trap; it?s quite another, justice-wise, to lose it because a competitor talked the government into taking its side.?",,0_0
"estimate that the proposed standards would result in net economic benefits exceeding $100 billion, making this a highly beneficial rule.",,0_0
"The government says that it wants a sustainable, secure and affordable energy system. Unfortunately, week-by-week since the general election, and now with the budget, it has made statements or policy changes that take us further away from that goal, and put us increasingly out of step with the rest of the world. Government support for ideological blue crap over rationality is putting the UK increasingly out of step with the global energy transformation. --Catherine Mitchell, The Guardian, 8 July 2015",,0_0
"Question 2 (for Times Colonist editor Lucinda Chodan): IPCC reports are subject to review by governments."" This does not mean that government does what it wishes after the IPCC reports are published, as is proper; governments get to determine what the scientific results will be before they are published. In other words, the IPCC is subject to a political agenda. My question is: Would you agree to be the editor in chief of a newspaper that was subject to ""review by governments""? Would you trust such a newspaper?""",,5_2
"The delayed oscillator mechanism of ENSO, Chapter 4.9, must also be considered when discussing the end of ENSO events.",,0_0
Your letter repeats several false statements that appeared in the fake memo and have been circulated widely in the press. We thank you for this opportunity to set the record straight about our position on climate change.,,0_0
"Environmentalists in both countries have kept natural gas out of the Clean Energy Dialogues because many are ambivalent about hydrofracturing technology, and some feel that as a fossil fuel, natural gas use shouldn't be encouraged. That was the prevailing view in the Obama campaign in 2008, and proved influential when this initiative was launched.",,0_0
"Additionally, as the New York Times, in a story about corporate tax rates, reported last year: Large oil companies typically pay high rates."" It shows that the average tax rate among companies is roughly 29%, while ""large oil companies"" are paying 37% and utility companies that ""benefited from the 2009 stimulus bill, which included tax breaks,"" have an ""overall"" rate of 12%.""",,0_0
"Economically significant is the bureau-speak description for rules costing at least $100 million per year. There are 180 of such rules in the 2008 Register, up 13 percent from 2007which was itself up 14 percent from 2006.""",,0_0
"FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Tuesday, June 4, 2013",,0_0
"That's not just a problem facing contemporary Democrats. It has historic roots. The Democratic Party has always been a collection of out-people, who are seen by themselves and others as not typically American. In the 19th century, that meant white Southerners and Catholic immigrants. Today, it means the Obama core groups.",,0_0
"This lag would indeed kill the causal relationship between cosmic rays and clouds if the cosmic rays were the only effect influencing the clouds. However, there are other effects, too. Only crazy people would like to argue that there only exists one cause of climate change and Nir Shaviv is not one of these crazy people. More Shaviv on this blog Nir goes well beyond the handwaving above. In fact, he quantitatively estimates the lag and his prediction turns out to be compatible with observations. The essence of his calculation is simple. The cloud cover oscillations are assumed to have two components. One of them is a direct consequence of the cosmic rays, as dictated by cosmoclimatology. It has virtually no lag and induces changes of the cloud cover by roughly 1.5% (Nir shows that this follows from the sensitivity corresponding to 1 - 1.5 per CO2 doubling).",,2_1
"The implied linkage between oil and gas development and President Obamas clean-energy policies is particularly fanciful. There is no cost-benefit analysis that could justify the administrations clean-energy investments in renewables, efficiency, transportation and infrastructure. Any sector can grow if tens or hundreds of billions of taxpayer dollars are thrown into the mix. Now Mr. Obama and his green-energy friends hope to receive credit for the wonders of hydraulic fracturing, an energy revolution that occurred in spite of Obama administration antidrilling policies. It is an audacious claim and one that is fundamentally dishonest.",,4_1
President Obama says that the climate is collapsing and that he is going to rescue the human race by fixing it.,,0_0
"The second expert"" would be discarded soon afterwards because the sane homeowner would realize that this ""expert"" had predicted in ""The Progressive"" (1970) that during the 1980s, 4 billion people, including 65 million Americans, would perish in the "" Great Die-Off "" because of hunger. Fortunately, the homeowner knows a very good psychiatrist whom he could recommend to this ""structural expert #2"" who is still employed by the Stanford University. Let's hope that he will never have dreams about billions of people dying in hunger again.""",,0_0
I wonder how sea life manages to outrun El Nio and La Nia ENSO events without being cooked in place? These have far greater temperature variability in shorter time spans than climate change.,,0_0
Catastrophic Superstorms of the French Mediterranean Coast (20 Apr 2011) The two periods of most frequent superstorm strikes in the Aigues-Mortes Gulf coincide with two of the coldest periods in Europe during the late Holocene ... Read More,,1_7
"When the winds are from the west, air rises on the western side of the Olympics (producing heavy rain) and descends on the eastern slopes (causing drying).",,0_0
New York Times Columnist Tom Friedman Hails China's One-Party Autocracy,,0_0
Musk has another argument up his sleeve to justify taxpayer largesse lavished on his company: to save the world from global warming.,,0_0
Fermented whales tail doesnt taste the same when the ice cellars flood.,,0_0
"A worldwide agricultural model constructed by Searchinger et al. (2008) finds that the increases in crop prices that follow from the increased demand for ethanol will induce a global change in the pattern of land use. Those land use changes produce a surge in GHG emissions that is only dissipated by conventional life-cycle emissions savings many decades hence. Although Searchinger et al. modeled ethanol production increases that were beyond those mandated in existing law, the emissions from land-use change per unit of ethanol would be similar regardless of the ethanol increase analyzed.",,4_4
"As the cost of government measures to combat climate change hit households and businesses, a new study published by the Global Warming Policy Foundation casts grave doubts on the validity of the Stern Review of the Economics of Climate Change which the government relies on to justify its policies.",,0_0
"On Wednesday, Heather Zichal, the White House coordinator for energy and climate change, told a group of reporters that Obama, knowing that climate change is a legacy issue,"" will soon issue new rules to limit carbon-dioxide emissions from electricity-generation plants. ""After all that we've done, after all that historic progress in the first four years, we are well poised to take meaningful action for the second term,"" Zichal said.""",,0_0
"As you will see in this post, the range of the climate-modeled energy imbalance has a much larger range, about 10 times the 0.5 watts/m^2 range mentioned by Trenberth et al. (2014). And there is no agreement about how the imbalance was created in the past, or might be created in the future.",,0_0
"In other words, researchers have yet to find evidence of more-extreme weather patterns over the period, contrary to what the models predict. ???There??s no data-driven answer yet to the question of how human activity has affected extreme weather,?? adds Roger Pielke Jr., another University of Colorado climate researcher.",,1_7
"No evidence supports either proposition. Moreover, oil sands production would add a minuscule 0.06% to US greenhouse gas emissions, a tiny fraction of that amount to global carbon dioxide emissions, and an undetectable 0.00002 deg F (0.00001 C) per year to useless computer-model scenarios for global warming.",,4_2
"(*This column has been edited lightly for clarity, May 22, 2013.)",,0_0
Met Office 2008 Forecast: Trend of Mild Winters Continues,,0_0
"And part of that debate, I believe, requires calling attention to Exxon-Mobil's funding of a pseudoscientific community whose purpose is to prevent us from tackling global climate change.",,0_0
"As computer simulations have become more sophisticated, projections of rising sea levels have become much smaller.",,1_6
The central page for information on The Thompsons is now listed on the blogroll on the right hand column so its easier to find.,,0_0
Can the presence of CO2 be shown in a lab to increase absorption of incoming radiation?,,0_0
The Chinese are actually blaming the Japan for high PM 2.5 levels.,,0_0
"The three Indian researchers conclude that  C. ciliaris grown in elevated CO 2 throughout the crop season may produce more fodder in terms of green biomass,"" which is a colossal understatement, to say the least; especially when a 240-ppm increase in the air's CO 2 concentration leads to a 193% increase in dry matter production (which translates into a 242% increase in dry matter productivity for the more standard 300-ppm increase in CO 2 by which we index worldwide study results in our Plant Growth Databases . Surely, such a response will be an enormous boon to the many people living in the arid and semi-arid tropics in the years and decades to come, as the air's CO 2 content continues its upward climb. Reviewed 8 August 2007""",,3_3
"So fierce is their righteous indignation at those who commit environmental heresy that it's blinded them to the fact that their proposal clearly infringes on the free-speech rights of others. And what irony: If anyone should be fostering a free exchange of ideas, it's those who work at our nation's universities. Instead, they're leading the charge against debate.",,0_0
A sdan politicians r EU energikommissionr Gnter Oettinger. He says he fears a nedgng from Europe on energy prices continues to increase and if competitiveness is reduced compared to Frenta States and other parts of the world. He wants to convince his colleagues in the European Commission and f them to adopt a mlsttning for industrial policy instead for new klimatml. Oettinger has also frskrat the German automotive industry that it will not pursue the requirements on CO2 emissions as HRT previously.,,0_0
better diagnostics (e.g. betas) than his original method. So we will still not,,0_0
Media reports that GMO science is settled are flat out wrong,,0_0
"Alarmists dont want to talk about that or about what is happening in Asia. BPs Energy Outlook 2035 report forecasts that Chinas oil, natural gas and coal use will increase by some 50% and its carbon dioxide emissions by 37% over the next 20 years. Indias energy production will soar 117% with fossil fuels accounting for 87% of all demand in 2035. Its CO2 emissions will also skyrocket. So even if the USA and EU eliminated fossil fuels, atmospheric carbon dioxide would continue to climb.",,4_2
"And when the IPCC is not ignoring its responsible critics like Landsea and Lindzen, it is demonizing them. Not long ago the IPCC's chairman, Dr. Rajendra Pachauri, compared eco-skeptic Bjorn Lomborg to Hitler. What is the difference between Lomborg's view of humanity and Hitler's?"" Pachauri asked in a Danish newspaper. ""If you were to accept Lomborg's way of thinking, then maybe what Hitler did was the right thing."" Lomborg's sin was merely to follow the consensus practice of economists in applying a discount to present costs for future benefits, and comparing the range of outcomes with other world problems alongside climate change. It is hard to judge what is worse: Pachauri's appalling judgment in resorting to reductio ad Hitlerum, or his abysmal ignorance of basic economics. In either case, it is hard to have much confidence in the policy advice the IPCC might have.""",,0_0
"37 Ivo Daalder and James Goldgeier, Global NATO,"" Foreign Affairs (September/October 2005). On the issue of Global NATO, see also Jose-Maria Aznar, NATO: An Alliance for Freedom, 2005; Jaap de Hoop Scheffer, ""Global NATO?"" Clingendael Institute (October 2004). for a Russian/CSTO reaction, Mikhail Kokyeyev, ""Russia-Nato Relations: Between the Past and the Future,"" Russia in Global Affairs (April/June 2007).""",,0_0
"During the Second World War Allied airfields brought wonderful treasures to New Guinea, and when the war ended the natives, believing the airplanes were from the gods, built their own airports, hoping to use sympathetic magic to bring back the planes and their wondrous treasures. Richard Feynman coined the phrase cargo cult science"" to illustrate a form of pseudo-science, something that looked like science but was not like the ""airports"" of the islanders.""",,0_0
"The UKs renewable energy sector has attacked Government plans to change the rules governing the Climate Change Levy a measure which was originally designed to promote the generation of clean energy. RenewableUK, the trade association representing the wind, wave and tidal energy industries, strongly criticised the Chancellors announcement in his budget speech that he is retrospectively removing the exemption for green energy. This measure is due to come into effect on the 1st of August and according to the REA such snap changes undermine confidence in the UK from the finance community, as well as making renewables less attractive compared to fossil fuel generation. -- Click Green, 8 July 2015",,0_0
"Utterly focused on radiation, the infant science of climatology gave scant consideration to the crucial interplay of that double intense dose of solar energy on the sunny side of our spinning planet. That intense dose of energy in a focused area was the supercharging fuel for a dynamo that did its work by latent heat. Indeed, while solar radiation may be the origin of all incoming energy, once it enters our gaseous wet planet it is spun convectively about the vortex of Hadley Cells and those blue oceans and albedo white clouds begin to interplay in a constant cycle of evaporation and condensation.",,2_1
"* Editor's note: This week's lead essay is a guest essay by Isaac Orr (iorr@heartland.org), a Heartland research fellow specializing in fracking, and is excerpted from a forthcoming Heartland Policy Study. For more information, see Heartland's Fracking Facts page at https://www.heartland.org/topics/energy/fracking-facts/.",,0_0
"Cook the books has a favorite small-boy yah-boo tactic. He condemns anyone who raises any question about global warming, however sensible, as perpetrating or perpetuating what he calls climate myths.",,0_0
in their discussion on solar RF since the Maunder Minimum are very dependent on,,0_0
"An ancient description of a wise man is that he is the same on the inside and the outside. That means that as he thinks, so he speaks and acts. There are other things that might be said of the wise, but this simple description comes to us now as the essence of the modern term transparency.",,0_0
Wal-Mart teams up with labor unions to launch a new health care program for workers.,,0_0
"The ethanol mandate encourages farmers to plow wildlife habitats and fallow fields to grow corn, releasing millions of tons of carbon dioxide. Ethanol gets one-third less mileage per gallon than gasoline, so motorists get fewer miles per tank and per dollar. It produces ozone, attracts water and corrodes car and small engine components, forcing us to spend billions on repairs.",,4_4
Wanted or Not: Alternative-Fuel Cars Flood Auto Show,,0_0
"In January 2015, a Greenpeace activist called for the beheading of a member of the House of Lords on the website of the Guardian. When challenged, he repeated the call, and again. People who questioned the wisdom of these remarks were attacked or banned. The Guardian actively moderates its comments, but even though Gary Evans calls to behead Matt Ridley caused a bit of a stir, it took the editors 32 hours to realize that death threats against political opponents is not really how we like to do things in Britain nowadays. (The Guardian has since worked hard to try to erase the past.) As if on cue, Natalie Bennett, Green Party leader, called for the decriminalisation of belonging to a violent terror group. The Guardian simultaneously carried stories about the beheading of a Japanese hostage by Islamic State.",,0_0
"Now, however, Lynas the one-time circus-activist stuntman, has his childish perspective on the world given respectability by the establishments accolades, and has expensive films made about his dark fantasy.",,0_0
"Looking at the projections for 2006 to 2100, the model mean of outgoing shortwave radiation has a negative trend of about -0.21 watts/m^2/decade. But some models show outgoing shortwave radiation increasing slightly in the future, while others show it decreasing at a much greater rate. The greatest negative trend is about -0.48 watts/m^2/decade. At the other end of the wide spectrum is a model with a relatively slight positive trend of +0.02 watts/m^2/decade. Bottom line: theres about a 0.5 watts/m^2/decade spread in the projected future outgoing shortwave radiation, with some models showing little change and others a sizeable decrease.",,0_0
New report: Obesity promotes global warming,,0_0
"We're from the Earth Guardians group, and we're working on fracking and how it's going to affect our future and our health. So we wrote this song for all the gas companies that are putting their profits ahead of our future.",,0_0
"Mr. Lazear, chairman of the President's Council of Economic Advisers (2006-09) and head of the White House committee on the economics of climate change (2007-08), is a professor at Stanford University's Graduate School of Business and a Hoover Institution fellow.",,0_0
An analysis of nuclear genes suggests that the polar bear is old enough to have survived through several periods that were warmer than today between the Middle Pleistocene and the early Holocene.,,3_2
Yesterday the Climate Institute released its Global Climate Leadership Review that significantly bucked other analyses and concluded Australias carbon tax of $23 a tonne of greenhouse gases was modest. The report says Sweden has a $130 equivalent carbon price. Switzerland is up to $60.,,0_0
"To summarize: He is arguing that a hockey stick emerges as an artifact of the method used for screening proxies to include in a reconstruction (with specific reference of course, to *Mike Manns* reconstructions). The cause of this artifact production is supposed by him to be due to the fact that: The series are scaled and/or eliminated according to their best match to measured temperature which has an upslope. The result of this sorting is a preferential selection of noise in the calibration range that matches the upslope, whereas the pre-calibration time has both temperature and unsorted noise.",,0_0
It is snowing and minus 9.5 degrees C at Casey this morning ?,,0_0
"The National Interagency Fire Center data show an even more striking decline in wildfires when comparing the full 1970-1986 era versus the full 1986-2013 era. True, the number of acres burned each year, according to the National Interagency Fire Center, was approximately 67 percent higher during 1987-2013 than during 1970-1986 (though substantially less than the 600 percent figure claimed by Running), but even this small increase in acres burned merely reflects changes in federal wildfire suppression policy. Barely half as many wildfires occurred each year from 1987-2013 than from 1970-1986.",,1_7
"A paper published today in Geophysical Research Letters finds there was an Abrupt change in atmospheric CO2 during the last ice age"" which occurred ""r apidly, over less than two centuries. This rise in CO2 was synchronous with, or slightly later than, a rapid increase of Antarctic temperature."" The authors also report ""carbon cycle modeling doesn't capture all of the processes for CO2 variations."" Thus, rapid increases in atmospheric CO2 have been shown to occur naturally due to processes not captured by climate models. In addition, temperature rise during the last ice age was found to be synchronous or leading CO2 rise, implying that temperature controls atmospheric CO2, rather than CO2 controlling temperature.""",,2_3
"I did not propose the results of these sensitivity studies as an alternative and more robust chronology. I am not arguing that the Yamal versions using the Schweingruber data provide the correct climate history for the region. I am arguing that the version constructed by Briffa, and relied on so extensively in the literature since then, is not robust in its late-20th century portion to a small and reasonable inclusion of additional data.",,0_0
"The FCC issues a new order allowing greater competition between cable, broadband and other video services.",,0_0
United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP) in 1995 predicted sea levels rises would result in 50 million climate refugees by the year 2010. No climate refugees by that year. Very large Error,,0_0
"But RPS laws dont even reduce emissions of carbon dioxide. Installation of wind systems creates stop-and-go electrical utilities. Output from wind turbines is erratic, forcing back-up coal and natural gas plants to inefficiently ramp power up and down to maintain continuity of energy supply. Studies of utilities in Netherlands and Colorado show that combined wind and hydrocarbon systems use more fuel and emit more CO2 than stand-alone hydrocarbon-fired plants.",,4_4
"Tragedies happen, and my daughter and her family are happy just to be alive. Their losses and those of hundreds of thousands of other innocents deserve mourning, prayer and respect.",,0_0
"In the meantime, global average sea surface temperatures have reportedly increased at about 3.5 times this rate, about 0.6 deg. C, based upon the HadSST2 data.",,0_0
"Beyond that, we know very little. All the dire predictions that we hear so much are based on a series of ifs,"" embodied in computer models and unlikely assumptions. Moreover, since the IPCC reported last, the scientific picture has gotten even hazier. All the accumulated scientific research points to more and more uncertainty about what we know in the area of climate change.""",,5_1
"Global warming is occurring for the 1,001st time in the human history and for the 1,000,001st time in the history of the planet. In the same way, we are witnessing the 1,001st global cooling in the human history and the 1,000,001st global cooling in the Earth's history. I consider the global warming theory to be a proposition arising from the human pride, i.e. the assertion that the mankind is capable of causing dramatic oscillations of the temperature on the Earth by its greenhouse gas emissions.",,2_1
"North-west Tasmania, Burnie, Devonport News, sport and weather ...",,0_0
The pause in global warming has confounded climate scientists who have put forward dozens of potential explanations for why global temperatures have not risen in the last 18 years and three months.,,1_4
"Forest fires also contribute significantly to atmospheric carbon. A 2007 study by the federally funded Center for Atmospheric Research found that large wildfires in the western United States can pump as much carbon dioxide into the atmosphere in just a few weeks as cars do in those areas in an entire year."" Scientists at Stanford University and the National Snow and Ice Data Center believe that carbon soot from wildfires is adding to the greenhouse effect and contributing to this summer's unusual thaw in the Arctic and Greenland.""",,0_0
The standard jaded view of the effect of politics on foreign policy bemoans its,,0_0
"A significant and rapid temperature increase was observed at all Greenland stations between 1920 and 1930. The average annual temperature rose between 2 and 4C in less than ten years. Since the change in anthropogenic production of greenhouses gases at that time was considerably lower than today, this rapid temperature increase suggests a large natural variability of the regional climate.",,2_1
"Wind power is not free. All natural energy resources such as coal, wind and sun appear free no one has to incur costs to create them. But turning a free resource into usable electricity costs money for collecting, generating and distributing that energy. To consumers and tax payers, the real cost of wind power is very high, no matter how well it is hidden by politicians.",,4_4
"That leaves 21 models, including BCC-CSM1-1, BCC-CSM1-1-M, CCSM4 (6 runs), CSIRO-MK3-6-0 (10 runs), FIO-ESM (3 runs), GFDL-CM3, GFDL-ESM2G, GISS-E2-H p1, GISS-E2-H p2, GISS-E2-H p3, GISS-E2-R p1, GISS-E2-R p2, GISS-E2-R p3, HadGEM2-AO, HadGEM2-ES (3 runs), MIROC5 (3 runs), MIROC-ESM, MIROC-ESM-CHEM, MRI-CGCM3, NorESM1-M, and NorESM1-ME.",,0_0
"Llasat et al .'s work revealed an increase of flood events for the periods 1580-1620, 1760-1800 and 1830-1870,"" and they report that ""these periods are coherent with chronologies of maximum advance in several alpine glaciers."" In addition, we calculate from their tabulated data that for the aggregate of the three river basins noted above, the mean number of what Llasat et al . call catastrophic floods per century for the 14th through 19th centuries was 3.55 0.22, while the corresponding number for the 20th century was only 1.33 0.33. What it means""",,1_7
"So RC's nothing to see here"" argument based on the alleged insider meaning of ""trick"" raises rather than allays suspicion that CRU is attempting to fit data to a predetermined conclusion.""",,0_0
"The collapse of A123 as well as the January bankruptcy of another electric-car-battery maker, Ener1, the recipient of a $118 million DOE grant ""provides yet another example of the Obama administration's costly and unsuccessful backing of the electric-car business.""",,4_2
"And third, I dont think the AGW enthusiasts consider the costs and benefits of AGW amelioration versus the other possibilities . If preventing a sea level rise of one meter means dooming future generations in the Third World to sickness, hunger, and darkness, its not worth it.",,4_1
"This observation, of course, is a crisis for CAGW alarmism and therefore must be solved by a computer model. The authors simply create a hydrological model programmed to say that the reason why sea levels have decelerated is because it must be raining more over land due to ENSO and therefore the land ate the 31% decrease in sea level rise . The authors admit there is no data to support land water stores prior to GRACE since ~2003, therefore they just fabricate estimate the comparison data for the period 1994-2002 of how much sea level rise was ameliorated by land precipitation. Abracadabra, the land must have more than eaten the sea level rise from AGW, allowing it to decelerate, and the AGW missing heat"" is still very much alive somewhere in the ocean.""",,1_6
"What Sierra Club focused on was Obama's call for new sources of energy"" other than the traditional ones. He was referring to solar and wind energy. A recent news article on CNSNews noted that ""Solar power, which President Barack Obama promoted accounted for 0.2% of the U.S. electricity supply in the first nine months of 2013, according to data published by the U.S. government's Energy Information Administration.""",,0_0
Haley Barbour: The Mississippi governor earned high marks for his handling of Hurricane Katrina. The thickest accent either side of the Mississippi doesn't hurt in a party that likes its presidential nominees to come from the Sunbelt/Dixie.,,0_0
"Taxes have two general categories of costs. The first is the tax revenue, called the direct burden in economic jargon. The second is the cost imposed by the tax's price distortions, called the excess burden in economic jargon. A simple (if extreme) example will illustrate these different impacts.",,0_0
"Average Radiative Forcing from CO2, aerosols, volcanoes: 0.8 W m-2",,0_0
night's energy panel from the convention stage because of the Wolverine,,0_0
"Nigel Smith points out that a pattern of waxing and waning of forest cover is not unique to Amazonia. The forests of New England in the United States, for example, are more extensive now than they were during the time of the colonies. The oak forests of southern England, severely cut back in Roman times, had largely returned by the time Henry VIII assumed the throne, only to be felled again for iron smelting, building materials, and agriculture."" (Smith, p. 238-239)""",,0_0
"on Monday, September 22nd, 2014 at 9:02 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
Research suggests climate change target not safe,,0_0
"Water required for energy production. Source Dominguez-Faus et al. Deepak Divan and Frank Kreikebaum from Georgia Tech, writing in the November 2009 IEEE Spectrum , put the issue into perspective: organic biofuels can't possibly fuel a growing world economy in a sustainable manner. By their calculations running the world on biofuels would require crop land equivalent to 193% of Earth's surface and 173% of annual global precipitation to keep the plants wateredan obvious impossibility (see Biofuels Aren't Really Green ). Yet in both the US and the EU government mandates have been passed requiring the use of biofuels as a way of reducing CO 2 emissions and, to a lesser degree, attaining energy independence.",,4_4
"Obama signed memoranda designed to prod the struggling US auto industry to design new fuel-efficient vehicles to lessen US dependence on energy sources which he said bankroll dictators, and to spur the US economy .",,0_0
"PR from the Australian Maritime Safety Authority, Dec 25th, 2013:",,0_0
"As it is, GHGs radiate upwards as much as they radiate downwards and I have seen no evidence that the two directions of emission do not cancel out. Since the vast majority of the atmosphere consists of non GHGs then GHGs actually provide a mechanism for cooling that non GHGs cannot provide so unless demonstrated otherwise I assume that the net effect of more GHGs is zero.",,2_3
"The actual number of sites that passed this screening: 484, or over 3 times the number expected based on chance alone, (i.e. assuming no relationship between rings and temperature, and using a one tailed test).",,0_0
"Because the press hounds followed this red herring so eagerly, activists followed up through intimidating letters from congressman to university and corporate officials, naming skeptical scientists, implying that questioning climate dogma can have serious personal repercussions. Disturbing and threatening as the revealed totalitarian impulses of this activism is, it reinforces the lesson of the climategate scandal: popular climate discourse is actually a dogma posing as science. Not only does this undermine the credibility of science, but also it destroys the collegiality needed for scientists to question each other about their works in order to move human knowledge ahead. Science has been set back a generation by the red herrings of climate activism. Its time for it to end.",,0_0
"Roys seminal contributionon this topicis that variations in cloud cover as a result of long-term temporal variability in atmospheric circulations can result in significantvariations in the global annual average top-of-the-atmosphere radiative imbalance. Skeptical Science should recognize this scientific achievement, even though they disagree with his political views.",,5_2
"With the double verification of this phenomenon provided by both weekly biomass and periodic net photosynthesis determinations, the four researchers concluded that ""atmospheric CO 2 enrichment may be capable of preventing the deaths of some plant species in situations where their demise is normally brought about by either the direct effects of unduly high temperatures or by associated debilitating diseases."" Consequently, it is clear that in trying to determine how plants will respond to higher temperatures in a CO 2 -enriched world of the future, old concepts that do not include phenomena (either known or unknown) related to the positive effects of elevated CO 2 on plant physiological processes will likely present an unduly pessimistic picture of what to expect. Reviewed 4 October 2006""",,3_3
"In 1913, the father of global warming said that Earth would warm 8-9C and that the climate of Alaska would be like Maine",,0_0
"Today's paradigm is that human emissions of greenhouse gases, especially carbon dioxide, will produce dangerous warming of the globe....When tested against empirical evidence this hypothesis fails. link""",,2_3
"If the Vice President is so worried about global warming he should consider a no regrets' policy,"" says Paul Georgia, environmental research associate at CEI and managing editor of Cooler Heads, a bi-weekly newsletter covering global warming issues. ""We suggest a program of deregulation that would remove barriers to energy innovation, eliminate subsidies that encourage energy use and liberate energy markets. A ""no-regrets' policy should be pursued regardless of global warming considerations.""",,0_0
"By changing a few, crucial words in the liturgy, Father Wenger reversed a Catholic ritual that for 350 years had implored the heavens to push back the glaciers.",,0_0
"Since January 2005, the data from which the IPCCs latest Assessment Report starts its backcast predictions, there has been no global warming at all. Yet compared with little more than nine years ago the IPCC predicts that the weather should now be a sixth of a Celsius degree warmer than it is (Fig. 1).",,1_4
"As was only too predictable, the overall theme of Mr Huhne's message was that climate change is the greatest global challenge we face'.""",,0_0
"As James B. Conant points out in Science and Common Sense, The dynamic view in contrast to the static regards science as an activity; thus, the present state of knowledge is of importance chiefly as a basis for further operations. From this point of view science would disappear completely if all the laboratories were closed; the theories, principles, and laws embalmed in the texts would be dogmas; for if all the laboratories were closed, all further investigation stopped, there could be no re-examination of any proposition."" Conant himself opts for the dynamic viewbut just as in economics, Al Gore is the modern standard-bearer of the static view of what he calls science. But it's not science at allit's a government-driven research agenda designed merely to strengthen the hand of politicians at all levels of government in controlling economic and social activity.""",,0_0
The influence of CO2 is so small that it's at a noise level.,,2_3
"Now correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't it the aerosols that were supposed to have prevented warming taking off at the predicted rates in the past? And now their influence is slight?",,5_1
"The sad thing about the intellectual left is that not only does Manne not understand how to do the maths, the sums, and the physics of the climate, but hes not much good at the human insights into the process of climate research either. Indeed the irony, given the Churchs history of friction with science, is that Archbishop George Pell has a much better grip on both.",,0_0
"But it is worse than it seems the 1936 temperatures were not just over 100 degrees, but they were way over 100 degrees. In 1936, 24% of the US reached 110 degrees compared to only 4% in 2012.",,1_7
"What things"" do Emanuel and the Obama administration want to do, and what ""opportunities"" have been presented them by the current economic crisis? In short, the armada of bailouts deployed by the outgoing Bush administration will soon become the weapons the Democrats need to push greenhouse gas regulations that they haven't been able to get in through the front door.""",,0_0
"Speaking at Georgetown University on June 25, 2013 President Barack Obama outlined his second term vision for combating climate change and promoting clean energy production and trade. In that speech, he mentioned Canada once, in acknowledgement of the Keystone pipeline controversy.",,0_0
"With erect posture and clear gray eyes, Chuck Provini still looks like the Marine who graduated from the Naval Academy in 1969 and was repeatedly decorated for bravery in Vietnam.",,0_0
"Another area where Republicans could bring a positive, market-friendly agenda to the climate change debate involves adaptation, a subject treated like an unwanted step-child by Democrats and others fixated on a Kyoto-style approach to reducing greenhouse gas emissions.",,0_0
"Urban heat islands and irrigated agriculture can inject false warming biases into instrumental data that are absent from proxy data taken from remote forests or sediment cores at the bottom of lakes, for example. Improper placement of temperature sensing equipment near local heat sources (e.g. air conditioning vents, asphalt parking lots, waste water treatment plants) also generates significant false warming signals, as retired meteorologist Anthony Watts documents in gory detail.",,5_1
"The continent has a long history of rainfall fluctuations of varying lengths and intensities. The worst droughts were those of the 1910s, which affected east and west Africa alike . They were generally followed by increasing rainfall amounts, but negative trends were observed again from 1950 onwards culminating, in West Africa, in 1984 .",,1_7
"Read here . UK ocean experts, using the best tidal gauges available, discover that sea level rise is not accelerating. In fact, it has been decelerating since 1960, as the below graph indicates. (click on image to enlarge)",,1_6
"Alam et al . report that irrespective of the differences in growth environment, higher CO 2 in the ambient air during measurements improved the photochemical efficiency of the plants as reflected in higher net photosynthetic rate, effective photosystem 2 quantum efficiency, and photochemical quenching."" What it means""",,3_3
"In a last-minute twist, the King County Republican Party warned Saturday morning of robo-calls to voters falsely claiming that the caucuses had been delayed a week.",,0_0
"Plant stomata reconstructions (Kouwenberg et al., 2005, Finsinger and Wagner-Cremer, 2009) and contemporary chemical analyses (Beck, 2007) indicate that CO2 levels in the 1930s to early 1940s were in the 340 to 400 ppmv range and then declined sharply in the 1950??s. These findings have been rejected by the so-called scientific consensus because this fluctuation is not resolved in Antarctic ice cores. However, MacFarling Meure et al., 2006 found possible evidence of a mid-20th Century CO2 decline in the DE08 ice core??",,2_3
Australias antarctic runway melting | Tennant & District Times,,0_0
"Email management boffins, and more or less anybody that has ever fathomed the extremely-complex (or not) world of how to archive messages using MS Outlook or any other email package , are urgently sought at world-famous UEAs CRU and at the Nature Publishing Group, following a plea for help by a computer-challenged climate modeler and a critical-thinking-challenged scientific journalist :",,0_0
"When contacted for this column, a spokesperson for As You Sow denied that the group's efforts circumvent science, but one of As You Sow's bread-and-butter tactics is the so-called bounty hunter provision"" of California's Proposition 65, a law notoriously prone to scientific controversy. Proposition 65 requires that consumers be warned about consumer products that contain chemicals that California has decided (often arbitrarily) may cause cancer or reproductive toxicity.""",,0_0
Mann recounted interviews in which administration officials spoke in identical,,0_0
I don't expect these remaining emails to hold big surprises. Yet it's possible that the most important pieces are among them. Nobody on the planet has held the archive in plaintext since CG2.,,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Senior Fellow Iain Murray on the message the assembled leaders are sending:,,0_0
"This summer we have had confirmation that Arctic ice behaviour has everything to do with wind. During June, winds were circulating clockwise in an inwards spiral, which caused ice extent to diminish and ice concentration to remain high. Around July 1, the patterns reversed and we have seen counterclockwise winds pushing ice away from the pole. As a result, ice area/extent has scarcely changed and instead we see a gradual decline in average ice thickness. The video below shows June/July ice movement and thickness.",,1_1
"Another absurdity which is pushed with the vehemence of an absolute is that if the oceans get more acidic than pH 8.1 ocean life will be destroyed, because calcium carbon precipitates above that pH and dissolves below it. There is no precipitation reaction anywhere in biology. All biological effects are under control, usually with enzymes which do not produce precipitation. The reason why the oceans are pH 8.1 (Scientists have never found any other pH in the oceans outside sheltered estuaries or related effluent.) is because calcium carbonate acts as a buffer holding the oceans at that pH. Fake scientists have been projecting future pH of the oceans to be more acidic and then proclaiming the guess to be a fact of science. They also estimate the past pH of the oceans to have been more alkaline than now, even though no measurements were made at that time, and then they proclaim the contrivance to be a fact of science.",,3_2
Germany?s green energy strategy is likely to change significantly after federal elections on September 22; Merkel has promised voters to drastically curtail the ?20bn burden they have to pay renewable energy investors every year should she win.,,0_0
It was suggested that the AMOC might be capable of influencing Arctic sea ice on this time scale through the inflow of Atlantic Water into the Arctic Ocean.,,0_0
"Yet, there were approximately 125,000 people who turned out for the People's Climate March in New York City. Why aren't there even more people marching against the poor economy and unemployment, since those are the biggest concerns?",,0_0
"Second, the issue of less egregious bullying where people outside the predominant leftist consensus are considered beyond the pale. This one is rampant in climate science. The ostracism of non-consensus scientists (most recently Lennaert Bengtsson, see also the recent article on John Christy ), both publicly and privately is bullying.",,5_2
"In the West, it has become popular for many activists such as Naomi Oreskes to claim that there is no peer-reviewed literature that contradicts the fashionable theory of the so-called global warming. Well, that's very far from reality as everyone who is familiar with basic research directions in this field knows very well. Whether or not we think that all these papers are right or not, it's a fact that there is even peer-reviewed literature that argues that we're gonna experience global cooling.",,5_1
"Ive shortened the span of the weekly data. As noted in the mid-April 2013 update , Ive started using January 2001 so that the variations can be seen AND so that you can see how flat global sea surface temperature anomalies have been since then.",,1_4
"With more and longer lateral roots in a future CO 2 -enriched atmosphere, tomato plants (and likely other plants as well) should be better equipped to take up both major and micro nutrients from the soils in which they grow, making them both bigger and better and more apt to produce larger and more nutritious fruit ... and more of it .",,3_3
"In the context of our weblog posting of December 26, 2005 More on Sudden Climate Transitions A Book by John D. Cox , the paper we published in the Proceedings of the National Academy (PNAS) in 2004 is relevant.",,0_0
"Bush a Piker at Manipulating Science, Compared to Clinton, Gore",,0_0
"Climate Variance No Crisis, Says Senate Committee Chair",,0_0
"John Fonte deserves our thanks and praise for wading through the morass of globalista writings, conference papers and speeches, U.N. resolutions and reports, and the panoply of studies written over decades while many in the United States proceeded blithely on their way, unaware of the mounting challenges to Philadelphian sovereignty.""",,0_0
"November to April snow extent was the highest on record this year, and has increased sharply since CO2 hit Hansens global warming tipping point of 350 PPM.",,1_3
"According to one study, 75% of the nutrients found in rain forests is located in the plants, 17% is in decomposing matter, and only 8% is in the soil itself. Therefore, they have developed as closed systems where anatomical, physiological, biochemical, and ecological mechanisms guarantee little loss, little uptake from the sources, and thus, conservation of nutrients."" (deMiranda p.155)""",,0_0
Is this because the UK wholesale market is very different? Where can I find a graph of UK wholesale prices? Is some other factor other than supply and demand involved?,,0_0
U.S. Secretary of Transportation Focuses on High-Speed Rail in Florida:,,0_0
"As an example, when demand is 40GW, and nuclear/hydro/bio are contributing 20GW, only 20GW will be needed from wind, less than a third of the implied capacity. Wind farms simply will not find it economical to operate at such low levels, which presumably means they will be paid huge subsidies, on top of existing ones, to switch off. All of which, of course, will have to be paid for by the long suffering consumer.",,4_4
"Such focus on measuring the results of mitigation programs can be expected to rouse loud scorn and debunking"" from the likes of Al Gore and a league of crony capitalists intent on making millions selling ""carbon offsets"" the environmental equivalent of selling indulgences as forgiveness for carbon sin.""",,0_0
Here is a graph of all time arctic temperatures taken from Watts Up With that HERE . It shows the entire HISTORY of arctic ice measurement. So the longest in HISTORY isnt too big a deal is it. You can clearly see the ice has GROWN from last year. You can also see that most of the sea ice melts every year.,,1_1
?global icons? One of these suggested icons was the Great Barrier Reef,,0_0
"I knde me as a frmmande fgel in this context is of course completely natural but after VRT calls on the scene revealed that among the audience there was one other representative from the municipality and county that gave me std's, we talked not only from the DVA rose. The headline from year's conference was Allas wind and it might give some indication of how much power lggs down from politicians and industry to the words frska sknmla wind power. The FSL as voluntary and unpaid grsrotsrrelse can give wind power a match is beundransvrt, d industry and the state has a cadre of heltidsanstllda lobbyists that drives the expansion of wind power from Ystad to Haparanda. But just as in nature is often the one who frsvarar their home a srskild strength. That people can become a Detractors to count number a few large vermakt want genomfra what is bst for us all, history has shown examples of FRR.",,0_0
"It's the nature of media (and, perhaps, society in general) that it often works to build controversy where none exists. Few places is that more evident than political races. When Texas Governor Rick Perry official entered the presidential race last week, he made comments about climate change and the adequacy of the science. Candidate Mitt Romney then contrasted Perry's take with his own view that human beings contribute to global warming.",,0_0
"The editorial concludes, Imagine if the US had had a decade of a 50-cent or higher add-on to the gas tax. Fewer people would have bought SUVs. Roads would be less crowded. Suburban sprawl would be slower. Air pollution would be less . In all, the US would be further along in moving away from an oil-based economy, which it needs to do quickly. So go ahead and wince once at the high oil prices. But then think twice about how the collective sacrifice of a higher gas tax could bring about a shift from oil by choice and foresight, rather than by last-minute necessity.""",,0_0
"The four Brazilian researchers say their findings indicate changes in the pool of defense-related flavonoids in soybeans due to increased carbon availability, which may differentially alter the responsiveness of soybean plants to pathogens in CO 2 atmospheric concentrations such as those predicted for future decades."" Put more simply, the ongoing rise in the air's CO 2 content will likely increase the ability of soybeans to withstand the attacks of various plant diseases in the years and decades to come, helping the world to better meet the challenge of feeding its still-growing population. Reviewed 11 March 2009""",,3_3
"Environmental scientists are cast in the role of priests, the trust in their narrow expertise extended to other areas of fact and value. Most scientists dont like that. Some quite enjoy it. The concept of planetary boundaries seems to be designed to make environmental scientists the final arbiters in politics, much like the Pope was once in Europe and the Guardian Council is in Iran.",,5_2
"Environmental protection has come a long way since the early 1970s. Pollution is much reduced, and care for the environment is widely shared and supported at least in Europe. Sensible policies and respectable pressure groups are the best way forward to solve the remaining environmental problems. Green radicals risk throwing that away.",,0_0
Rapid temperature switches of several degrees within a few years to a decade have long been known from evidence in ice cores and other ancient climate records.,,2_1
"In one section, the document calls for developed countries to help poorer countries with finance, technology and capacity building"" so they can ""adapt to and mitigate climate change"" while helping eliminate poverty. Another section provides that developing countries should receive an amount of money equal to the amount ""developed countries spend on defense, security and warfare.""",,0_0
Maunder Minimum of sun spots caused Little Ice Age that occurred from the 16th to the 19th centuries.,,0_0
"Yet he fails to admit that the reports for instance, an often-quoted report from 1922 about the unprecedented Arctic warming and loss of sea ice observed by meteorologists support what Roy Spencer says and are inconsistent with the largely speculative results in the various papers suggesting sea ice extent scarcely changed until it began to decline in the 1970s.",,0_0
"remaining 26 miles and 285 yards. Conversely, a runner could set the world",,0_0
Lewis argues that the main flaw in the Marotzke and Forster research concerns the use of an equation describing energy balance in the climate system that links the so called radiative forcing acting to warm the climate with the sensitivity of the climate to changes in greenhouse gas levels. This equation is central to the logic used by Marotzke and Forster.,,5_1
CEI Global Warming Lawsuit Draws Ire of Northeast State Attorneys General,,0_0
"Sitting on an artificial mangrove island in the middle of the ray and shark touch tank, Lindsay Jordan, a staff member at the New England Aquarium, explained the rays eating habits as children and their parents trailed fingers through the water. Does anyone know how we touch these animals when we are not at the aquarium? she asked.",,0_0
"And that is exactly what he did. The animation below shows how Gavin has altered the US temperature record since 1998, and turned the gold standards of climatology into lead",,5_1
"Even someone with the IQ of a vegetable would realize that if you want to know the rate at which temperature changes in the sub box, you want these thermometers distributed evenly; failing that, if all 5 ???fast trend?? thermometer were in one tight region, and the 5 slow warming spread out, you want to weight the various thermometers to avoid over sampling the ???fast trend.?? Climate scientists actually try to do that by using area weighting and gridding. But for now, we??ll just focus on the sub-box and what happens to it??s computed temperature.",,5_1
Segment 4 is the breaking news of Climategate coming to the US.,,0_0
Jason-1 shows sea level falling along most of the US East Coast. It is also quite clear from this map that cherry-picking one location isnt going to fly.,,1_6
"In the face of some recent pushback for example, from the studies out of Spain and Denmark referenced in this space on numerous occasions the windmill welfare queens over at the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) have been cranking up the snivel volume to eleven.",,0_0
They failed despite opening their meeting with (I kid you not) religious rites invoking the supernatural assistance of an ancient Mayan jaguar goddess.,,0_0
"She advocates the political position of the Administration in forcing reductions in carbon dioxide emission (CO2) by stating The United States has pledged reductions of 26 to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025..."" Of course, there is no such pledge by the American people and its representatives in Congress. The Administration's pledge is arbitrary and authoritarian. Ms. McNutt concludes with a description of the nine circles of Hell found in Dante's Inferno.""",,4_1
"That's what Robert Samuelson, noted economic journalist and Newsweek Pundit, called global warming in the July 9 Washington Post. In an article that looked an awful lot like an op-ed the post printed two weeks earlier. Samuelson did what we've been doing at WCR for years now: He led with the science, scored with a barrage of uncertaintles, and got a TKO with the political improbability of large reductions in greenhouse emission.",,0_0
"As a result, in 2006, Mother Jones magazine reported: BP vowed to cut its own CO2 emissions and invest heavily in solar, wind, and other alternative technologies; it even supported the Kyoto climate treaty.""",,0_0
"Arctic sea ice may be more resilient than previously thought, according to new research. Satellite data reported in a new paper shows that sea ice volumes in the spring months have been stable over the four years from 2010 to 2014 and that Autumn sea ice volumes in 2013 and 2014 were significantly up on prior years. -- Reporting Climate Science, 20 July 2015",,1_1
Ben has a review of James Garveys The Ethics of Climate Change: right and wrong in a changing world over at Culture Wars :,,0_0
"I can only imagine the future where Ill be typing some story, like this one, and there will be a knock at the door and",,0_0
"UN 95% certainty"" of manmade global warming challenged""",,0_0
Amherst Island (Ontario) group files wind energy lawsuit,,0_0
"Environmentalists may suggest, as they do in the Sierra Club publication, that acknowledging the earth's sacredness,"" providing a ""holy and awesome restoration of Nature herself,"" and having a ""reverence for trees"" are the only things that ""can serve as a worldview."" But that is not going to feed hungry mouths or provide a better life for the millions who must depend on the earth's natural resources for their sustenance.""",,0_0
"This issue was made very explicit by the title of the Scientific American article entitled Climate Heretic: Judith Curry turns against her Colleagues . Of all the issues raised by Climategate and the points I had been trying to make about overconfidence and uncertainty, transparency, engaging with skeptics, etc., the main issue of interest in all this was construed as me turning against my colleagues? It was hard for me to understand this at first, but then I realized that by talking about uncertainty and engaging with skeptics that I was following the playbook according to the merchants of doubt meme. So talking about topics that I regarded as efforts that were needed to rebuild the credibility of climate science was regarded by my colleagues as damaging to the consensus.",,5_2
"cap and dividend, in which the proceeds of auctioning pollution permits are rebated to taxpayers",,0_0
"AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving the government scrambling to find a new air link to the frozen continent. The Wilkins runway ...",,0_0
"The problem with the Michael Mann sort of scientist is that, rather than practicing science quietly behind the scenes, they want to participate in the public debate. They?re perfectly entitled to do so, on an equal footing with everyone else. Yet the minute anyone disagrees with them, they play the ?I?m a famous scientist and should not be gainsayed? card.",,0_0
"The authors first derived an estimate of the expected number of North Atlantic tropical cyclones (TCs) that were missed by the observing system in the pre-satellite era (1878-1965), after which they analyzed trends of both reconstructed TC numbers and duration over various time periods and looked at how they may or may not have been related to trends in sea surface temperature (SST) over the main development region (MDR) of North Atlantic TCs. What was learned",,0_0
"An inconvenient question: If climate change is a planetary emergency, why take nuclear and natural gas off the table?'""",,0_0
With regards to the planetary energy balance equation 12.1:,,0_0
"In more detail, the ACORN-SAT Melbourne minimum temperatures before 1990 are shifted up relative to the raw data. The stepped adjustments would suggest instrument changes but the BOM records show thus is not the case. Further, there is no sign of the step changes in the direct Melbourne temperature records. An upward correction is also applied to the maximum temperatures, but is applied only to the past, before 1990, and not the present.",,5_1
"Gov. Kaine supports allowing the National Academy of Sciences to determine whether mining could be done safely. So does virtually every elected official in heavily Republican Pittsylvania County. Earlier this year the narrowly Democratic state Senate voted 34-6 to authorize the study. But the measure was killed in committee in the House under pressure from environmental groups. If it was allowed to come up for a vote in the full House, which is controlled by Republicans, opponents concede it would have passed.",,0_0
"A paper published today in The Holocene reconstructs Mediterranean climate over the past 10,000 years and finds evidence for a Sun-climate connection including a ~900 year cycle. According to the authors, The ~900 yr periodicity has counterparts in numerous North Atlantic and Northern Hemisphere palaeoclimate records, and in solar irradiance proxies (14C and 10Be), and may relate to a Sunclimate connection during the early Holocene."" The paper also finds a link to the North Atlantic Oscillation, which in turn has been linked to solar activity . The paper adds to hundreds of other peer-reviewed publications demonstrating that tiny changes in solar activity can account for climate and temperature changes on Earth.""",,2_1
"The worst tornado in US history occurred in 1925. It had wind speeds over 300 mph and destroyed 15,000 homes.",,1_7
"Government bureaucrat-scientists and their expert global warming"" climate models, based on levels of atmospheric CO2, continue to prove an astounding incompetence - billions of taxpayer monies wasted on failed computer simulations that can't predict global temperatures""",,5_1
"I am sure it's hard for you to hear these words, but there is something you can do to help. Why not sit your dad down and have a good talk to him. Tell him you want him to stop helping the big companies that are spoiling the future for you and all the other kids at school. Tell him that the family would rather have less money if he had a different job, one you could be proud of.",,0_0
"The models also performed poorly at simulating the warming rate of the sea surface temperatures of the Indian Ocean, Figure 20. The models almost double the warming rate there.",,5_1
"These people were all wonderful human beings, whom I shall never forget. They were much more than names unwillingly embroiled in a global political power struggle. They were all steady, brave souls, and we are all diminished by their loss. They are not better known simply because there is an awful lot of willful not-listening going on out there because of the postmodern mind.",,0_0
"on Monday, January 11th, 2010 at 1:18 am and is filed under News.",,0_0
"Meanwhile, culled from this curling blog is a rather wonderful snippet about curling in Lochmaben that tells us so much about modern Britain without even trying:",,0_0
"A reviewer should be sensitive even to the appearance of a conflict of interest when the manuscript under review is closely related to the reviewers work in progress or published. If in doubt, the reviewer should indicate the potential conflict promptly to the editor.",,0_0
"Dr Baliunas, Staff Astrophysicist at the Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, lays out a great read of propaganda and the CAGW crowd.",,0_0
"Tenure, job promotions, government grants, media accolades, social respectability, Wikipedia entries, and vanity can do what gulags do, only more subtly. Alexis de Tocqueville warned of the power of the majority in American society to erect formidable barriers around the liberty of opinion; within these barriers an author may write what he pleases, but woe to him if he goes beyond them."" He could have been writing about climate science.""",,0_0
"So why the delay? The NRC says the Department of Energy has not met certain land and water rights requirements' and that other environmental and regulatory hurdles remain.""",,0_0
"Bathurst News, sport and weather | Western Advocate",,0_0
"Then too, the governments of China and India may lack the popular support that they would need to be able to bear the political costs of GHG controls. Their governments have often gone to great lengths to hold energy prices below world levels. To now drive domestic energy prices above world market levels would be a daring political gamble.",,0_0
"Steer, a UK national, returns to the World Bank after three years as Director General, Policy and Research at the UK Department of International Development (DFID) in London. In earlier years at the World Bank he held a number of positions including Country Director for Indonesia and Vietnam and Director of the Environmental Department. He was also Staff Director of the 1992 World Development Report on Environment and Development, the Bank?s Flagship report to the Rio Summit.",,0_0
"With the unlikely outliers removed, or referring to the GISS Model E2-R and GISS Model E2-H simulations, the differences between the observed and modeled ocean heat accumulation indicate the models are much too sensitive to the hypothetical impacts of CO 2 .",,5_1
"If it were not for the charismatic and diligent leadership of one man, America and the rest of the industrialized world might not have understood the expense and the socialistic aspects of the proposed Copenhagen treaty until it was way too late. Let us send a heart"" out to the Viscount Monckton of Brenchley, otherwise known as Lord Christopher Monckton of the Science and Public Policy Institute (SPPI), for his tireless efforts in the past two months.Monckton and the scholars at SPPI, have been critics of the theory of ""anthropogenic global warming"" for years. As Copenhagen's treaty summit drew nearer, Monckton went public in an unprecedented way. A YouTube video of him speaking October 14, 2009 in Minnesota was ""viral"" within days. It has been viewed more than 2.5 million times.""",,0_0
"Before Los Alamitos High School science teachers can tackle topics such as global warming, they will have to demonstrate to the school board that the course is politically balanced.",,0_0
"From Paul Driessen: In response to pleas for more energy, to meet basic human needs and lift people out of poverty, many politicians and activists continue to insist that ""dangerous global warming"" concerns must override even these human interests. Now comes this incredible bombshell from Australia's top climate change commissioner:""",,0_0
"An article in Nature by Benjamin Santer bolstered that argument showing a correspondence between temperature and the presence of sulfates (sulfates reflect heat, cooling the planet). The study began in 1962 and ended in 1987. The problem with Santer's model is that it only assumed a change in the amount of warming radiation of 1.25 watts. The correct number is 2.5 watts, which when plugged into Santer's model produced more warming than models that have already been abandoned. Furthermore, when the data is run from 1958 to 1995 the correspondence disappears.",,5_1
"During an El Nio event, warm water that had been below the surface of the western tropical Pacific sloshes into the East Pacific Ocean on the surface, impacting the sea surface temperatures of the East Pacific and the NINO3.4 region directly. When the El Nio is done, the leftover warm water sloshes back out of the East Pacific.",,0_0
"EPA's rule will force poor and minority families to choose between buying food, putting gas in the car, going to the doctor, buying medicines, giving to their church, saving for retirement, or making mortgage, rent and car payments. Small businesses will have to find thousands more just to keep the heat, lights and air conditioning on, without laying people off or closing their doors. Factories, malls, school districts, hospitals and cities will have to pay millions more for energy.",,4_1
"But the standard is as below, read a system of model describing coupled differential equations numerically. It usually takes less n one second on a standard PC, also for more complex systems.",,0_0
"Current climate models generally overpredict current warming and assume that the excessive warming is cancelled by aerosols, the researchers say in their paper. offers a potentially important example of where the secondary effect is to warm, thus reducing the ability of aerosols to compensate for excessive warming in current models. That is, the degree to which aerosols can compensate for model over-prediction of warming remains open, the research suggests.",,5_1
"More worryingly for Australias sovereignty, governance and parliamentary democracy, your false claims raise questions as to your sincerity and allegiance. Your position on climate was established and stated in my previous correspondence as unfounded and contradicting science. Your repeated failure to present empirical scientific evidence and especially your repeated failure to specify any errors in my work when combined with your continued pushing of unscientific policy reveals more worrying concerns.",,5_2
"We should have listened. Bering Sea ice has been normal or above normal, and at record levels for the last two years.",,1_1
"Yesterday, after Mr Huhne issued his first annual statement on Britain's energy future, it was clear that we should all be very, very concerned about the future of Britain.",,0_0
Efforts to link dangerous impacts of extreme weather events to human-caused warming are misleading and unsupported by evidence.,,1_7
"With so much to offer in the way of valuable natural resources, the rainforests of the world have long been objects of interest to those looking to take advantage of their storehouses of wealth. Many would view this as good and noble, with men trying to make their lives and the lives of people around them better through the creation of jobs, new and useful products, and increased economic growth and prosperity.",,0_0
"Based on this Mises Institute post , this may no longer be true. If a family is comfortable with $45,000 a year, or doesn't think it has the prospect of earning more than that, there appears to be little incentive to work.",,0_0
How many other sincere Skeptics have made that same assumption? Latour goes on: -,,0_0
"In his first year in office President Obama has presided over an administration that has been more hostile to the development of nuclear energy than any of his predecessors. This week, forced by economic realities, he has begun to resurrect the nuclear energy program he and his environmental supporters have long demonized. These are but initial steps - more are needed.",,0_0
"As importantly, this approach is also undesirable for tackling climate change. An alternative approach would involve developing technology to address what should be seen as a practical problem rather than a moral issue: investing in the large-scale use of less carbon-intensive forms of energy such as renewables and nuclear; adapting through such measures as building higher sea walls; and high technology solutions, perhaps including developing machines that suck carbon dioxide out of the atmosphere.",,0_0
"El Nio, La Nia El Nio and La Nia events tend to alternate about every three to seven years. However, the time from one event to the next can vary from one to ten years.",,0_0
"These and other diseases thrive in various climates warm as well as cool. What has made the difference is the level of economic development that provides access to modern medicine, higher living standards, and other means to prevent the spread of illness.34",,0_0
Are politicians born stupid or do they develop that skill in Law School?,,0_0
"It wasn't that long ago that Digg was a thriving online community. Publishers longed to be on Digg's coveted front page because it translated into many page views, but over the last couple of months something went terribly wrong with Digg.",,0_0
"I've seen the desire to save the earth. I mean, obviously, that's a commendable desire. And that's sort of related to this last point that I've got on the list. Let's jump down there, world view. This is maybe the most important thing which influences a scientist's perception. People that traditionally work the climate change issue aren't meteorologists. Meteorologists deal more with daily weather, and they have a feeling for what weather systems do and why they do it. If you go back about 30 years, the original climate scientists were more experts in radiation or physicists who didn't know that much about weather. And those first researchers ended up overestimating the amount of global warming there would be in response to increasing levels of greenhouse gases. That's because they didn't understand the ways in which the atmosphere responds to a forcing.",,0_0
"All essentially forced energy conservation (called conservation ism at this blog) is primarily to reduce emissions of all sorts, but largely GHGs, given that pollutants are covered by other regulatory regimes.",,0_0
"In Figure 4, the climate model outputs of TOA incident shortwave radiation are presented as anomalies, with the base years of 1996-2015. With the model outputs in anomaly form we can better see the similarities and differences in the curves. Two models from one modeling group really stand outtheyre the models that started with the lowest absolute incident shortwave radiation. Those models show a much stronger increase in solar forcing during the hindcast and they show a curious decrease in incoming sunlight from the early 2000s to 2100. The other models tend to agree with one another during the hindcast (1861-2005), but then run out of synch during the projections.",,0_0
"over the next 8 years a third of our coal-fired capacity, two-thirds of our oil-fired capacity, and nearly three-quarters of our nuclear capacity will be closed down either through age or the impact of the European Large Combustion Plant Directive. Absent a massive and immediate programme of building new power stations, with concrete being poured in the next two years, we will be in serious danger of the lights going out.,",,0_0
"Mann's defamation of me (a climate scientist) is of particular relevance in context of Mann's case against Steyn, in light of the recent ruling:",,0_0
Baker et al . (2004) found notches on Rottnest Island marking former high sea levels. Calcareous organisms left deposits within a narrow range that could be carbon dated. The higher notch at about 1.8 m is about 3600 yr BP.,,0_0
"Th e hockey stick graph dealt with all those by eliminating the MWP and the LIA. It inappropriately tacked on, as the blade of the stick, an upturn in temperature in the 20th century. Phil Jones produced the upturn that claimed a 0.6C 0.2C increase in 120 years. They claimed this rate of increase was beyond any natural increase, conveniently ignoring the 33% error factor.",,5_1
"Moser explains: Manufacturing has the highest multiplier effect among the major sectors. Every job created in manufacturing creates additional jobs in other sectors that supply, support and service manufacturers.""",,0_0
"The good news for Mr. Zhang, and indeed for all those who believe emissions-reductions are essential, was the unveiling of a study contending that if carbon emissions are taxed, and the proceeds used to reduce growth-stifling income taxes, we can have both lower emissions and higher growth rates, a position this writer has long taken, even though not among the true believers in climate change. But neither I, nor anyone else for that matter, can be certain the believers are wrong. So, nodding in their direction, if it includes a pro-growth adjustment to the tax code, would be worth putting on the table in Paris. And, in fact, pursuing it here in America now as a way of helping the U.S. economy while leading others down the path of environmental virtue. That's what the leadership required of a great nation is all about.",,0_0
"For months President Obama has been in the uncomfortable position of straddling a barbed-wire fencedoes he appease his ardent environmental supporters or advocate for economic growth that will help all of America? In his speech outlining his Climate Action Plan, he made his choice clear. He's abandoning what is best for America and has bowed to the political pressure from environmental lobbyists like the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council.",,0_0
"Last week, I was wondering how long it would be before we saw the fall of global warming. I had decided that after the CERN report and running up to the theres no increase in extreme weather but weve tried to put the best spin on it IPCC report, we would see the whole scam crumble.",,5_2
Climate change is a useful tool in that fear of catastrophe can be used to compel economically destructive actions that would otherwise be unacceptable.,,4_1
"A new study very well worth reading by Ermolli et al. (2013) looks at the influence of the spectral variation of solar radiation (SSI), especially the ultraviolet spectrum: It is fluctuating much more strongly, by up to 10% between a quiet and an active sun. And at low solar activity, it generates precisely the pattern in the wintertime that weve been seeing since 2006: The North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO), which impacts the temperature in the Eurasian region especially in the wintertime, is controlled and effected by the UV radiation of the sun. When there is less solar activity, it gets colder in the region. This is precisely what we are observing, and the large part of the deviation observed in the pure GHG models stems precisely from that. Shouldnt this be a wake-up call for the climate scientists to look more closely at SSI? This should have been done long ago. However, that would have meant conceding that CO2 is not everything.",,2_1
"We are determined to protect the planet from degradation, including through sustainable consumption and production, sustainably managing its natural resources and taking urgent action on climate change, so it can support the needs of the present and future generations.",,0_0
"NRDC's Heat Advisory report (September 2007) claims that, under a likely global warming scenario, the number of bad air"" days"" (days when ozone levels exceed the 8-hour health-based air quality standard set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency) would increase by as much as 155% in some of the 10 cities studied. NRDC further states that, ""by mid-century, people living in 50 cities in the eastern United States would see a 68 percent (5.5 day) increase in the average number of days exceeding the health-based 8-hour ozone standard established by EPA."" This means the number of unhealthy (""Red Alert"") days would ""double.""",,0_0
"?If we take all the science that we know relating to how the Sun emits heat and light and how that heat and light powers our climate system, and we look at the climate system globally, the difference that it makes even going back into Maunder Minimum conditions is very small.",,0_0
"The variable c varies between zero and one to control how fat the tail is, with smaller values giving a fatter tail.",,0_0
"He has never doubted the role of CO2, but has rightly questioned the cost-benefit analysis of the proposed solutions. Phillips then describes Alan Jones as frothing to David Karoly. Whether you agree with Jones or not, Phillips would never describe a consensus climate scientist as frothing, a highly inappropriate term to use. But it just helps to paint the picture of deniers as being deluded and crazy.",,0_0
The following quotations present what Mr. FOIA said in an explanation note:,,0_0
Chaos artificial reservoir correction to sea level . This correction to Church and Whites sea level dataleads t0a (supposed)larger sea level rise during the 20th century. But this correction has some critical flaws.,,5_1
"A proposal by Professor Kevin Anderson, director of the Tyndall Centre for Climate Change Research in the U.K., made a splash at Cancun. Anderson authored a paper for the Royal Society urging the adoption of a draconian World War II-style rationing system ? for carbon emissions. ?The Second World War and the concept of rationing is something we need to seriously consider if we are to address the scale of the problem we face,? he explained in the article, urging world rulers to limit electricity and prohibit food imports, among other things. His suggestion would involve a total freeze on economic growth in developed countries and ?carbon rations? for every person on the planet. Unbelievably, at least one of his ?Royal Society? colleagues said even that would not be enough.",,0_0
"USDA: Increased ragweed pollen a troubling"" effect of higher CO2""",,0_0
"If we open up more North American resources for development, we may very well shift long-term expectations on domestic supply and receive the benefits of lower prices even before the supplies come to market. We may even get some pleasant surprises, such as what we recently experienced with the shale gas revolution. New discoveries of shale gas, and breakthroughs in the technology of extraction, have pushed down natural gas prices between $4-$6 per thousand cubic feet (mcf) over the last three years. These lower prices have saved American consumers over $50 billion a year, according to data from the federal Energy Information Agency.",,4_5
Temperatures taken by satellites are very precise; those taken from ground stations are less so.,,0_0
"Even when the economic outlook looked brighter, the United States led criticism that the existing Kyoto Protocol's requirements on cutting greenhouse gases would prove too costly for rich countries.",,4_1
"The two Australian researchers report that the observed global decrease in diurnal temperature range over the period of 1951-2005 resulting from the relatively larger increase in minimum temperatures than maximum temperatures is not captured in historical experiments of CMIP5 participating models."" In light of this finding, Lewis and Karoly conclude that ""ubiquitous model deficiencies in cloud cover and land surface processes that impact the accurate simulation of regional minimum or maximum temperature changes"" are likely responsible for the models' inability to simulate the real-world DTR observations.""",,5_1
"The ultimate conclusion of this study is that rising temperatures and elevated CO2 will be beneficial for dwarf bamboo that the pandas feed upon, as it will lead to the production of more equally-nutritious dwarf bamboo tissue?? Read More",,3_3
October 2008 Environment & Climate News: No Warming Crisis,,0_0
"If I had the code, this analysis wouldnt have required all three R, Matlab and Excel.",,0_0
"Within days of the release of the government study, Dow held a news conference on January 10 denouncing it and announcing the launch of its anti-natural gas export website America's Energy Advantage. Dow, which public records indicate has spent more than $45 million on lobbyists over the last six years, recruited as partners Alcoa, American Public Gas Association, Celanese, Eastman Chemical and Nucor corporations likely to face marginally higher natural gas energy bills if industrial prices rise modestly with export deregulation, as anticipated. Huntsman Chemical joined the rump group on Tuesday.",,0_0
"Who would have thoughtit seems that the largest mammal of North America, Ovibos moschatus or Musk Ox (actually, a big big kind of sheep) really does like it hot, even if its usually found around Canada and Greenland: to the point of disappearing from Europe, Asia and Alaska in the late XIX/early XX century due to climate change , a turn to cold that is.",,3_2
"At any rate, David did a very good job - although he finally admitted that he had to sweat a lot because of all these questions. David also asked a question to Frank Wilczek: What are you working on now because we're not interested in all this past nonsense that you did to be awarded by the Nobel prize. OK, the wording was a bit different. ;-) Would you expect such a focus on the most up-to-date issues from a classicist? Miracles occur in this world.",,0_0
"As You Sow also filed a resolution to pressure cosmetic manufacturer Avon to stop using manmade ingredients in its products. Though the product ingredients are FDA-approved, As You Sow proceeded with its resolution as if the ingredients were untested and indisputably harmful. Needless to say, an overwhelming majority of shareholders (96 percent) voted against the resolution.",,0_0
"Drought has for the most part, become shorter, less frequent, and cover a smaller portion of the U. S. over the last century. Globally, there has been little change in drought over the past 60 years.",,1_7
"Many of us are old enough to remember the scare stories from the 1970s, a time when climate scientists were warning that Earth was returning to an ice age.",,5_1
"EPA's three changes in enforcement policy, if consistently enforced in the future, would vastly expand the number of applications for NSR required from regulated emitters. But EPA is not content with applying its latest interpretations to future cases. Starting in 1994, EPA began a series of enforcement actions alleging that whole industries had been violating its interpretations of policy for decades. According to EPA, 70 to 80 percent of the wood products industry and 80 to 90 percent of the electric utility industry are operating in violation of NSR requirements. In 2000, one-third of all refineries received letters from EPA seeking information on plant operations, apparently in preparation for legal action against that industry.",,0_0
"Using data from the Energy Information Administration and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, they found that existing nuclear plants generate reliable electricity, on average, at $29.60 per megawatt-hourone million watts expended for one hour. Existing hydro, coal and natural gas arent far behind, at $34.20, $38.40 and $48.90, respectively. These figures are derived from self-reported data the government collects annually from individual generators.",,0_0
"Despite my longstanding policy against offering my own reconstruction under current information, CRU alleged that I had promoted, heavily promoted and advocated versions of the Yamal and Polar Urals chronologies, making these untrue claims both in their blog article itself and in Osborns inline comments. In a comment at RC, I rejected these allegations, pointing out that CRU had not provided any quotation or link supporting their assertions. Osborn was unable to provide any backup or source for his allegations.",,0_0
"To me, that??s the Occam??s Razor explanation of why, after thirty years, millions of dollars, millions of man-hours, and millions of lines of code, the computer models have not improved the estimation of ???climate sensitivity?? in the slightest. They do not contain or model any of the emergent phenomena that govern the climate , the phenomena that decouple the temperature from the forcing and render the entire idea of ???climate sensitivity?? meaningless.",,5_1
"Read here . As we have written about before , ethanol and other biofuels are not only economic disasters, they are also very harmful to the environment. As the actual science of biofuels is slipping out, these fuels actually can cause more CO2 emissions than the fossil fuels they are supposed to replace.",,4_4
The core of humor is what I call the 2-of-6 rule. In order for something to be,,0_0
Soaring Chinese economy at odds with climate goals,,0_0
(Thanks to my spkskrivare for a few wondering over the title above rman not plsta p Monty Python).,,0_0
"Thats Part One. Parts Two through Five can be located at The Daily Bayonet , including the weekly Global Hottie.",,0_0
"Methods 1 & 2 have identical (alpha) errors. So, I consider the method with the minimum error superior, as it is gives the least, overall, number of errors. This is why I average over all instruments. Method 3 is deficient as method to test the IPCC hypothesis, and merely gives some sense of the uncertainty due to measurement noise without regard to weather noise.",,0_0
"Britain has recorded its hottest day ever as the temperature soared to 38.1C (100.6F) in Gravesend, Kent.",,0_0
I wonder what she might teach her students at TAFE? A balanced view of climate science enabling the students to use their own minds to evaluate the various arguments? Or ramming Gore-based propaganda down their throats? I wonder,,0_0
"As for our natural gas, it will become a geopolitical tool only if substantial political barriers-some created by the Obama administration, some by powerful interests with a stake in keeping gas prices low by restricting its export-can be hurdled.",,0_0
2013 was a year which rocked the credibility of the global warming campaign. It will take a long time for the closing image of warmists on ice to fade.,,0_0
"In the next 50 years there would be no temperature increase, but rather a slight temperature decrease is expected. In the decades before and after the year 2300 a powerful temperature drop could occur because both the 230-year cycle and 100-year cycle would be dropping rapidly together in parallel.",,1_2
"30 Apr 1935 Do The Martians Exist? LONDON, March 23.",,0_0
Source: http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2009/12/the lack of climate skeptics o.html,,0_0
"To extricate themselves from the dismal probabilities of the previous paragraph, proponents of declining discount rates appeal to the possibility of correlated discount rates. In essence, the coin flips stop early in the game and we are stuck with the rate chosen on that last flip, which at the time of analysis is unknown.",,0_0
A Conservative Think Tank Wants The White House Science Czars Private Emails,,0_0
"Many critics have complained that the biggest problem with the IPCC Third Assessment Report, which was completed under Watson's chairmanship, is advocacy and not science.",,5_2
"This scientific account generates the imperatives that we, in this perilous world, are supposed to respond to if we want to be ethical, that is. But, as Garvey goes on to point out, scientific facts are a necessary part of reflection on climate change, but they are nothing near the whole of it. The moral philosopher is on hand to help us navigate the awkward journey, beset by doom, catastrophe, and other unimaginable horrors, toward a future of mere survival",,0_0
"As natural gas increases its share of electric power generation in the United States, largely at the expense of coal, demand for coal is still high, especially in developing countries. Unfortunately, misguided environmental extremists have been successful so far in blocking the expansion of coal export terminals needed to increase coal exports. Coal exports would be good for the economy and good for the environment, actually decreasing the threat of global warming.",,4_5
This also contradicts all other studies that show a far lower sea-level rise.,,1_6
"In light of the differences among climate model projections, our work stresses the need for more accurate prediction of SST trends in these sensitive areas, and not just the overall amplitude of the Tropical Ocean warming, in order to reduce the uncertainty in global climate forecasts.",,5_1
"Climate Astrology' Takes Hold: Japanese scientist Kanya Kusano, a Program Director and Group Leader for the Earth Simulator at the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science & Technology, has publicly declared that man-made climate fear promotion is now akin to ?ancient astrology.?",,0_0
"Modern greenhouse hypothesis is based on the work of G.S. Callendar and C.D. Keeling, following S. Arrhenius, as latterly popularized by the IPCC. Review of available literature raise the question if these authors have systematically discarded a large number of valid technical papers and older atmospheric CO2 determinations because they did not fit their hypothesis? Obviously they use only a few carefully selected values from the older literature, invariably choosing results that are consistent with the hypothesis of an induced rise of CO2 in air caused by the burning of fossil fuel.",,0_0
"Arctic sea ice extent hasnt changed for several days, and remains just below the 2006 minimum.",,1_1
"Modellers have failed to cut their central estimate of global warming in line with a new, lower feedback estimate from the IPCC. They still predict 3.3 oC of warming per CO2 doubling, when on this ground alone they should only be predicting 2.2 oCabout half from direct warming and half from amplifying feedbacks.",,3_1
Rttelse via Lennart Bengtsson now p frmiddagen: history writing is not entirely correct d it was actually lngtidsprognosavdelningen at the Deutsche Wetterdienst under the direction of Mr. Bauer made this prediction and not KWI.,,0_0
"Actual scientists in disciplines that have existed before this political movement became strong are usually neutral or skeptical about the climate panic. This includes people in the adjacent disciplines such as meteorology, geology ??? and physics itself. Physicists should be particularly immune towards this kind of brainwashing. After all, when Galileo Galilei kickstarted physics, he was fighting against similar religious attempts to constrain"" the human thought.""",,5_2
7. Ethiopia - Agreement for Cooperating in the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE) Program,,0_0
"Granted, McCain could run again in 2012. But he would be 76, which makes another campaign less likely. And that leads to these questions: Who emerges as the party's standard-bearer, and what will become the new standard for the GOP? Does the party first have to concern itself with a redefined message and then worry about finding an eloquent spokesperson, or is it the other way around? Or, as was the case with Reagan giving his famous speech near the end of the 1964 presidential race, is it more a function of harmonic convergence: the message and messenger finding each other?",,0_0
"UK warmist admits: We don't fully understand the relative importance of' factors that influence climate""",,5_1
"Fluorescents aren't all that bad. In fact, they've steadily gained market share in recent years. But from now on their popularity will rest not on consumer preferences, but on the force of law. If there's anything about fluorescents that involves the general absence of hope, it's that Congress has been able to mandate them with so little opposition.",,0_0
"Broken deals, bitter words and a state shuts down:",,0_0
"Global warming has been described as the greatest threat facing mankind, but the policies designed to address global warming actually pose a much greater threat. The international and domestic policies to ration carbon-based energy would doand are doing little to slow carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions, but would have enormous costs. These costs would fall most heavily on poor people, not only in the United States, but also in the world's poorest nations. The correct approach is not energy rationing, but rather long-term technological transformation and building resiliency in developing societies by increasing their wealth.",,4_1
"Nor can it do so without encouraging the agency to fool and trick Congress, as it didduring the Senate debates on the the Murkowski resolution and Inhofe legislation, when statements by McCarthy and the Air Office seemingly disavowed any ambition to bankrupt investors in new coal power plants. Whatever their party affiliation or views on climate change, Senators should dislike being hoodwinked.",,0_0
David Stockwells experiments are also relevant here. There are a variety of situations under which spurious RE statistics can arise and its long overdue for climate scientists relying on this measure to understand its properties. B and C go on:,,0_0
Gore's message is being conveyed via so dull and didactic a presentation.,,5_2
"Oskerheten about what really happens is still high, brewing final line: The Bottom Line Is that we really need to bring down CO2 levels in the atmosphere. The study is published in the latest utgvan of Geology.",,0_0
This would be reasonable if only southern hemisphere sea ice were actually in decline rather than increase.,,1_1
"When I noticed from the hydrographic data that the Pacific Ocean heat content has been decreasing since 2003 or so, I was very surprised and puzzled, Lee told Eos . And when I found a large heat increase in the Indian Ocean, I was almost convinced that there was something wrong with the hydrographic data.",,5_1
"May 2007 and October 2007 share the silver and bronze medals with the anomaly of 0.091 Celsius degrees which is 0.81 Celsius degrees cooler than the warmest RSS month, April 1998. Using Al Gore's terminology, two of the three coldest months in this century have occurred in this year! ;-)",,1_3
"Cockburn, Alexander and Hecht, Susanna. The Fate of the Forest. New York: Harper Collins Publishers, 1990.",,0_0
in a rather interesting fashion. Changes have been made to the data resulting in an increase in the rate of reported sea level rise by nearly a millimeter per year.,,5_2
"issue ? on the right side, i.e anti-Svensmark), Bohm, Brown, Christy (will be",,0_0
Another Govt Climate Change Propaganda Unit,,0_0
"Given my experience with the Darwin, Australia records , I looked at the homogenization adjustment. According to GISS :",,0_0
USPS puts significant blame on shift to online communication for $8.5 billion loss:,,0_0
> >> >- also CSERGE here at UEA and UCL have done some interesting work on,,0_0
"The trend difference means, that from 1979 to 2008 the CO2-rise per year compared to the global temperatures has fallen 0,5 ppm/year, or the other way around: It now takes approx. +0,15 K global temperature anomaly more to achieve the same level of CO2 rise/year as it did in 1979.",,2_3
"The per century cooling trend of this period, a minus 3.2F, took place in spite of the huge warmth produced by two large El Nio events during this 15-year span: 1997-1998 and 2009-2010 .",,0_0
"As stated earlier, the average surface temperature over the last hundred years has increased by about 0.5 C. Much of the 0.5 C warming occurred early in the 20th century, before the major increase in greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, so most of the 0.5 C warming must have resulted from natural factors of climate change. The early 20th century warming could not have been caused by human-made greenhouse gases.",,2_1
This fifth generation of Soviet leaders was more confident of the regime's resilience. Gorbachev and his group appeared to believe that what was right was also politically manageable.,,0_0
"The next step in message development is coordination at both the state and the academic level. Historically, Republicans have taken advantage of think tanks as policy repositoriesa relationship, some will argue, that frayed during the Bush years. Perhaps the shrunken Republican minority on Capitol Hill will prompt a renewal of those ties. Fifteen years ago, Republicans in Congress worked with Republican governors to showcase government reforms at the state level, such as welfare reform in Wisconsin and criminal justice reform in California. Governors, it turned out, knew what they were doing. From 1990 to 1995, the number of Republican governors nationwide grew from a minority of eighteen to a majority of thirty. But after a net loss of one more governorship in the November election, the number of Republican governors is down to twenty-one, its lowest in nearly two decadesthe shallow end of an ideas pool.",,0_0
"they had no knowledge of these activities, Levey would show them the detailed",,0_0
"G20 Stimulus, A Plan for Carbon Dioxide and Mark-to-Market Reforms",,0_0
"This policy has been restated by EPA in letters and proposed rules several times since.23 The matter of aggregation"" has also come up repeatedly. EPA attempts to combine separate projects and claim the aggregate effect on emissions is sufficient to trigger NSR. When industries protest, EPA alleges regulated emitters split projects for the purpose of evading NSR. Once again, the result of EPA's latest interpretation is to make more modifications subject to NSR.""",,0_0
A miner who survived an explosion at the Sago coal mine in West Virginia returns home to his family.,,0_0
"Heritage analysis shows that lifting needless and duplicative restrictions on energy production will increase employment by an average of 700,000 jobs through 2035. Along with the jobs comes $3.7 trillion in additional gross domestic product (GDP) that translates to an additional $40,000 of income per family of four by 2035.",,0_0
Climate modelers choose parameter sets with offsetting errors in order to successfully hindcast the 20 th century air temperature. That means any correspondence between hindcast temperatures and observed temperatures is tendentious ??? the correspondence is deliberately built-in.,,5_1
"The other problem ? and climate flatliners hate me for pointing this out ? is that the beginning of the period of ?no warming? includes the warmest year in the instrumental record, caused by the great El Nino of 1997-1998. In a modestly warming world, starting off at or near an anomalously high point pretty much assures little or no warming for years afterward.",,0_0
"The intensity of the radio frequency is 5,000 times less than a cellphone, 3,200 less than a cordless phone in a home and 26 times less than a wireless router in your home.",,0_0
"But North America will soon be the leading oil producer in the world, and new hydrofracturing technology has made it possible to access 200 years' worth of natural gas. Developing our inexpensive energy sources allows us to offset the power of Russia and Venezuela by selling oil and gas to our friends. This will make it more difficult for Russia to cut off supplies of gas to its eastern European customers in order to gain political favors, as it has done in the past.",,4_5
Here is a graphic of Murray Darling Basin rainfall note the sharp increase in the 1940s what caused that ?,,0_0
"A paper under open review for Climate of the Past reconstructs summer ] temperatures in Sweden and Finland over the past ~2,200 years and finds temperatures during the Medieval Warm Period 1,000 years ago and the Roman Warm Period 2,000 years ago were about the same as at the end of the 20th century. The paper also shows excellent agreement between the instrumental record since 1800 and the proxy reconstruction, unlike Michael Mann??s hockey stick ???trick to hide the decline?? in proxy temperatures after 1960. The paper adds to the published papers of over 1,200 scientists finding non-hockey sticks demonstrating that the Medieval Warm Period was global and as warm or warmer than the present.",,5_1
"This is becoming a more and more common feature of environmentalist rhetoric. The violent imagery has even seeped into the pronouncements of the eco-priests at the Environmental Protection Agency. Recently, a video surfaced of EPA Region VI Administrator Al Armendariz admitting that his agency's philosophy is to crucify"" oil and gas companies: ""It was kind of like how the Romans used to, you know, conquer villages in the Mediterranean. They'd go in to a little Turkish town somewhere, they'd find the first five guys they saw and they'd crucify them. Then, you know, that town was really easy to manage for the next few years.""",,0_0
"Bill Nye thinks it's very bad news' gas is cheap""",,0_0
"(i) If e >> 1, the dynamic time scale is much greater than the radiative time scale, and hence radiativeprocesses dominate. This regime is characteristic of Mars. Consequently, on a planet with e >> 1,the equator-to-pole temperature gradient is very large, in response the latitudinal variations of solar radiation.Also, as the radiative cooling of the atmospheric parcel is so efficient, a very large diurnalvariation of temperature is expected.",,0_0
"eight, and said he would do all of that in his first 100 days.",,0_0
"Figure 3 shows an evident mismatch between the observational best estimate and the model range. Nevertheless, AR5 states (Box 12.2) that:",,0_0
"In fact, the opposite relationship applies at all time scales. Temperature change precedes carbon dioxide change by about 5 months during the annual seasonal cycle, and by about 700-1000 years during ice age climatic cycling. Hypothesis fails.",,2_3
"In drawing general conclusions from their many diverse findings, the authors state that red maple typically germinates better and grows larger with increasing atmospheric CO 2 ."" They also state that ""genetic variation in CO 2 responses and the rapid increase in global CO 2 concentration suggest the potential for adaptive evolution of this species, which may further enhance productivity with CO 2 enrichment."" Or as they describe it in another place, ""this species may evolve in response to globally rising CO 2 so as to increase productivity above that experimentally observed today."" Consequently, the ongoing rise in the air's CO 2 content bodes well indeed for the future robustness of the planet's red maple trees.""",,3_3
"This attempt to punish opposition to climate-change regulations is shocking. The First Amendment protects such opposition, including corporate lobbying. Under the Supreme Court's Noerr-Pennington doctrine, lobbying is protected even if it reflects a bad motive, or makes false claims.",,0_0
Probiotic is a method of introducing benign intestinal bacteria to provide good flora.,,0_0
"Abstract: Consumption of all the worlds fossil fuels at any credible rate will not achieve a doubling of the current CO2 level and will increase world temperature by barely one-half degree Celsius. The achievable level of atmospheric CO2 is proportional to its release rate because its dilution by exchange with the land and ocean takes time. An instantaneous release is the worst case and if the entire worlds CO2 from fossil fuels were so released (impossible, of course) it represents an extreme upper bound to the CO2 level. And even that would achieve an increase of less than 3 degrees Celsius. Most significant, however, is the strong evidence that feedback from increased CO2 is negative.",,3_1
"on Tuesday, December 22nd, 2009 at 2:19 am and is filed under News.",,0_0
JAXA sea ice area has dropped to 2008 levels:,,0_0
"has found that recent floods associated with the Indian monsoon are not linked to global warming, and that such events have occurred throughout the 200 year history of the monsoon.",,1_7
"U.S. emissions Are declining: U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are declining both in absolute terms and as a percent of total global emissions. The major sources of new greenhouse gas emissions are from emerging markets including China, India and Brazil. These countries show no inclination to reduce their emissions, because they want to reach the wealth levels of the West. It will not help global temperatures if America cuts back and other countries do not. When alternative energy incentives were put in place, it was thought that other countries would join us in cutting back.",,4_2
"Wrong on both counts. Where a scientific issue is involved, the best way to approach the formulation of public policy is not to base it on a contrived consensus of self-interested parties, nor to ask the UN"", but to pay attention to the facts and keep an open mind.""",,0_0
"A recently released OpenOffice.org marketing video from Microsoft tries to highlight prospective issues for companies considering alternatives to Microsoft Office. Although the video suggests OpenOffice.org is increasingly becoming a viable alternative to Microsoft Office, the video also presents insights into Microsoft's business growth strategy.",,0_0
Gina McCarthys Responses to Sen. Vitters Questions Part I: Bait-and-Fuel-Switch*,,0_0
"But in the following comment Ian Castles argues that most experts would consider the IPCCs more alarming predictions to be exaggerated, and that the Panel has failed to consider possibilities that would result in much slower growth in carbon dioxide concentrations.",,5_2
"This article is an attempt to describe some of the early results from the Antarctic reconstruction recently published on the cover of Nature which demonstrated a warming trend in the Antarctic since 1956. Actual surface temperatures in the Antarctic are hard to come by with only about 30 stations prior to 1980 recorded through tedious and difficult efforts by scientists in the region. In the 80s more stations were added including some automatic weather stations (AWS) which sit in remote areas and report the temperature information automatically. Unfortunately due to the harsh conditions in the region many of these stations have gaps in their records or very short reporting times (a few years in some cases). Very few stations are located in the interior of the Antarctic, leaving the trend for the central portion of the continent relatively unknown. The location of the stations is shown on the map below.",,5_1
"I would like to mention three late, great individuals who inspired CEI: Warren Brookes, in whose honor we instituted our Warren Brookes Journalism Fellowship; Julian Simon, memorialized in our Julian Simon Prize; and Aaron Wildavsky, the inspiration for CEI's value-based communications project. Had we not been able to stand on the shoulders of these giants, we'd have accomplished much less. Their work continues to inspire us, and we hope that our work provides a fitting memorial to them.",,0_0
"Last week, I wrote about how the EPA was warring with industry, one can only assume in an attempt to destroy jobs. As that war continues, I thought it might be helpful to put some actual numbers in front of our readers so they can get the clearest picture possible about just how many jobs are being lost in the name of environmental protection against the man-made theory of global warming.",,0_0
Don't Bank Russia's Credits Just Yet,,0_0
"2) At least until recently, the positive phase of the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) which has predominated since the late 1970s has suppressed strong tornado activity.",,0_0
"All prediction is inherently uncertain and effective communication of uncertainty information in weather, seasonal climate, and hydrological forecasts benefits users' decisions. The chaotic character of the atmosphere, coupled with inevitable inadequacies in observations and computer models, results in forecasts that always contain uncertainties. These uncertainties generally increase with forecast lead time, and vary with weather situation and location. Uncertainty is thus a fundamental characteristic of weather, seasonal climate, and hydrological prediction and no forecast is complete without a description of its uncertainty.",,0_0
"Today, counting the E.U. as a single entity, perhaps fifteen to twenty nations around the world are major sources of GHG discharges. Agreement is already difficult, but the real test lies in the future. Economic growth will swell the number of major sources. Eventually, participation has to be nearly universal, or countries without controls are likely to become magnets for GHG-intensive activities. Essentially, a great many nations have, or will eventually gain, an effective veto over global GHG control efforts.",,0_0
NORTH DAKOTA 85% of electricity; 9th in coal production,,0_0
"The model in Figure 3 predicts global cooling until 2030. This result is also supported by shifts in PDO that occurred at the end of the last century, which is expected to result in global cooling until about 2030 .",,1_2
"Reaching agreement on such provisions does not seem impossible. With tweaks to our immigration system,"" Smith said earlier this month, ""we can accommodate those graduates whom American universities and businesses most desire and who are most able to contribute to our economy.""",,0_0
"Now we calculate the global warming that will be forestalled by reducing carbon emissions by this amount. For this we need another equation: 88% of 5.35 times the natural logarithm of . And the answer? A little over 0.0001 Celsius, or around one five-thousandth of a Fahrenheit degree. And only that much if the IPCCs exaggerated estimate of future warming is correct. If not, make that well below one ten-thousandth of a Fahrenheit degree. Either way, extravagantly pointless .",,4_2
"/s/ Miguel A. Hernandez, Jr. JSC, Flight crew training and operations, 3 years",,0_0
"The car bomb is appropriately getting a lot of attention. But so are two other recent events that will force Congress to consider or reconsider its agenda this year: the oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and the Arizona law targeting immigrants. Conventional wisdom has had it that there was little chance of a climate change bill getting enacted this year and no chance of an immigration bill. Conventional wisdom may still be right, but both issues have been complicated by these events, and both need at least a renewed focus, and a wider focus, by Congress.",,0_0
"You need to compare the relative size of the oil industry and the tobacco industry, Mr. Ebell said. ""Tobacco is tiny compared to oil. So if they could get $10 billion out of the tobacco industry, think of what their goals are for the oil industry.""",,0_0
"But because the ABC is about 20 years behind in the real news on Global Warming, Clark and Dawe work with the disadvantage of being ABC viewers, and so when the Liberal Party disintegrated over the Emissions Trading Schememost everyone on the ABC had no idea why it was happening. This is a real handicap for comedians, since to be funny, you have to be one step ahead of the audience.",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: General Counsel Sam Kazman on CNN on the debate over SUV safety:,,0_0
"7. We should be getting as much oil as we can from as close to home as we can. But we can no longer rely on Mexico. Pemex, the country's national oil company, is not investing enough money in new drilling projects even though its most important field, Cantarell, is declining rapidly. Nor can Pemex count on getting more money from the Mexican government, which is spending heavily on its war against the drug cartels. Indeed, Mexico may already be a failed state. The cartels are under siege by the federal police and federal soldiers, but the slaughter just a few weeks ago of more than 50 people at a casino in Monterey shows that the narcos are still running wild. Canada, meanwhile, has an ultra-stable government. And given its enormous oil deposits, it's apparent that Canada can be an essential player in America's effort to secure reliable energy supplies.",,0_0
"When we talk about the evolution of the Earth's temperature, we are talking about the increase or decrease. The simple question is the temperature rising?"" is too ill-defined because there isn't just one temperature (consider many places on the globe and above the globe) and there isn't just one time scale (and one particular position in time) in which the question may be addressed. All these details have to be added to the question.""",,5_1
"When ? not if ? Chinese consumers close that gap, they?ll be driving more than 20 times the number of cars they are driving today. Chinese electricity consumption is similarly rapidly too, with new coal-fired power plants opening like clockwork.",,0_0
"Christopher Booker, whom I met in Nice a few years ago and whom I like, wrote the most read Earth-category article in the Telegraph over the last 3 days,",,0_0
"Converting to biomass? I bet the conversion efficiency is lower than conventional fuels, therefore even more waste heat.",,0_0
"Second, the idea of seeking a consensus on global warming reveals a misunderstanding of science itself. For science, facts are determined by the scientific method, wherein quantitative predictions resulting from a theory are refuted or confirmed by experiments. The known inadequacies of the present models mean they can tell us very little about the cause of climate change.",,5_1
"One of the favorite lies is the charge that fossil fuel companies are funding the climate change skeptics, even with zilch empirical evidence to back it up. The Heartland Institute decided to call out a U.S. Congressman (a Democrat) on the blatant mis-truths and rumors that he his staff published.",,5_2
"Super-elevated CO 2 enhanced total dry weight of plantlets by more than 2-fold, when compared to dry weights of plantlets grown at ambient CO 2 . Interestingly, atmospheric CO 2 enrichment not only significantly increased the growth of existing roots, it also increased the induction of new roots from internodes located on orchid stems. Total chlorophyll content was increased by elevated CO 2 in young leaves and roots by 64 and 118%, respectively, thus permitting greater light harvesting during the process of photosynthesis. Greater utilization of sunlight in CO 2 -enriched plantlets likely contributed to tissue starch contents that were nearly 20-fold higher than those measured in control plantlets. In spite of this large accumulation of starch, no disruption or damage of chloroplasts was evident in leaves and roots of CO 2 -enriched plantlets. What it means",,3_3
"What has been revealed, so far, is a not uncommon occurrence in contemporary science: an ?epistemic community? intervening in peer review and publication processed to further its own interests and beliefs. From my experience, this involves ensuring the continued funding of a research agenda that has become closely identified with a cause and has attracted much government support because of its policy relevance. In this case this involved considerable support for and collaboration with the IPCC and Hadley Centre.",,0_0
"Climategate, of course, casts serious doubt on much of the underlying data, as well. Those with a taste for dark humor will enjoy the reference in the EPA's response to comments (p.12) to the clear, transparent, and open procedures of the IPCC, CCSP, USGCRP, and NRC.""",,5_2
"My work is as Director of the national centre for climate change research, a",,0_0
"However, because the operator is linear, any linear superposition of these states has to have be an eigenstate with the same eigenvalue \(E=0\) as both of them share. However,\[",,0_0
Insightful commentary by Keith Hennessey on Obama's fuel economy rules,,0_0
"A federal program to help subprime mortgage holders attracts 45,000 applicants.",,0_0
Greens Whining as G-8 Climate Deal Remains Uncertain,,0_0
"When it was Mr. Hamm's turn to talk briefly with President Obama, I told him of the revolution in the oil and gas industry and how we have the capacity to produce enough oil to enable America to replace OPEC. I wanted to make sure he knew about this.""",,4_5
"Even some Democrats are finally questioning their party's steadfast support"" for policies that promote ""renewable"" energy over oil and gas: Senators Ben Cardin (MD), Robert Casey (PA), Kay Hagan (NC), and several colleagues have openly expressed concern about renewable mandates. One has to wonder why so many Republicans still can't say no to ethanol.""",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Southern Weekly,,0_0
"These kind of explanations, by leading climate modelers, suggest that climate models do not in fact reflect understanding of the key physical climate processes well enough to generate projections of future climate that one could rely upon. It seems unlikely that climate model projections would be accorded much policy significance if the way in which they were able to reproduce past climate was generally understood. It seems more than plausible that policymakers (let alone the general public), take a models purported ability reproduce past temperatures as an indication that the models assumption about climate sensitivity is correct.",,5_1
"In 2007 he worked for Current TV, where he edited over 50 short-form documentaries for terrestrial broadcast",,0_0
Parts of the private correspondence can definitely be interpreted as researchers did not want to let go until colleagues stller skeptical about global warming or do not believe it is caused by mnniskan. The researchers lr hardly have ingtt in someone vrldsomfattande conspiracy from the dlja obekvma climate facts. Dremot have their jargon scientists with a more skeptical Adjustment damaged trovrdigheten for climate research. An investigation of a possible mrklggning p East Anglia were on their location.,,0_0
"With direct light, the cooling caused by clouds was weakest on the violet end of the spectrum and strongest at infrared. With scattered light, warming caused by clouds was also weakest at violet and the strongest at infrared. Overall, the least cooling and warming occurred at violet, and the most cooling and warming occurred at infrared.",,0_0
"A symbolic cod was placed in the hall, and was later moved to the new State House building in 1798. There it has remained ever since.",,0_0
"The Parliamentary Inquiry was never going to produce much. A single day?s hearings about a complicated subject with no-one on the committee an expert and several members true believers in global warming alarmism is not a recipe for an in-depth investigation. The main skeptical witness was Lord Lawson of Blaby, who, for all his strengths, is not an expert in the science himself. Researchers like Ross McKitrick, who have laid out strong cases for why Climategate reveals deliberate manipulation of science, were not asked to give evidence.",,5_2
Vaclav Klaus Joins Skeptics' Conference,,0_0
"While tidal power may be predictably intermittent, wind power is even more problematical. Recent EU directives have stipulated that some 40% of electricity should be powered from renewable resources by 2020. If this were to be predominantly produced from wind turbines, as is likely, then we would need some 30 gigawatts (gw) of wind generating capacity. To put that figure in perspective, the UK currently has about 0.5 gw of wind capacity. However, that is not the full story, for UK wind turbines are only currently delivering about 25% of installed capacity, due to wind fluctuations and maintenance issues. That means we actually need some 120 gw of installed wind generation capacity to cover just 40% of total UK electrical demand. If the turbines being constructed average 2 mw rated capacity, then we shall need some 60,000 wind turbines to be installed over the next twelve years. And where shall we erect all those? Certainly Not In My Back Yard.",,4_4
Germans forced to waste electricity to prevent Green energy meltdown,,0_0
"British filmmaker Martin Durkin presents a groundbreaking new documentary on climate change titled The Great Global Warming Swindle.""",,0_0
Corals Seeking Shelter from the Storm of Acidification & Bleaching (14 January 2015),,0_0
"All the models assume that the climate system normalises to an equilibrium state, the state modelled. As the natural processes of the climate system are non-linear and non-ergodic, small variations may result in large changes. There are negative and positive feedback loops. There is randomness in the system. As a result, the simple deterministic computer simulations on which all climate change projections are based will have little to do with the real world.",,5_1
"And what cant climate models simulate? ENSO. For further information about climate models failings when trying to simulate ENSO, refer to Guilyardi et al (2009) . Climate models also cant simulate Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, the Pacific Decadal Oscillation, the Indian Ocean Dipole, and other coupled ocean-atmosphere processes.",,5_1
"Campaigns of misleading and harmful innuendo stifle science. Proposals that governments should require full disclosure"" would, if implemented, simply feed those who wish to suppress research that challenges their beliefs. As we know from experimental studies (e.g., see the recent book ""More Than You Wanted to Know""), mandatory disclosures are harmful. They are also inconsistent with the First Amendment.""",,0_0
"Yesterday, the Chartered Institute of Purchasing and Supply reported a slowdown in British manufacturing exports to Europe.",,0_0
OBSERVABLE DATA REBUT CLIMATE COMPUTER MODELS,,5_1
"If Africa puts up insurmountable roadblocks to food security through modern agriculture, it risks starvation of its own people and loss of wildlife habitat. It seems as if First World activists and the African powerful (who aren't going to starve in any case) are in collusion to keep Africa unstable and hungry. This will, ironically, also keep them burdened with high birth rates driven by the parents' famine fears.",,0_0
Democratic Senator wants Internet Sales Taxes:,,0_0
"May, 2009 shows the greatest ice extent in the AMSR-E record, which seems to contradict Hadow??s highly publicised remarks about Arctic ice health.",,1_1
But the whole disappearing sea ice threatens polar bears survival story is in reality a farce.,,3_2
subject: RE: The Climatic Variability and Climate Change Initiative for Africa,,0_0
"While the approach in todays post doesnt appear conceptual, statistical algorithms, including linear regression, typically solve inverse problems. The spirit of todays post is approaching Deflategate as an inverse problem. In doing so, I am aware (as Carrick has forcefully observed) that the underlying physical conditions were poorly defined, but people still need to make decisions using the available information as best they can. I think that the approach in todays post providesa much more plausible and satisfying explanation of the variation in Patriot pressures than those presented by either Exponent or Snyder or, for that matter, my own previous commentary.",,0_0
"Paper finds a decrease of IR radiation from greenhouse gases over past 14 years, contradicts expected increase ??? cloudiness blamed for difference.",,2_3
"They point back to their 1989 manifesto, The Politics of Evasion: Democrats and the Presidency."" Democrats suffered, they argued, from mistaken beliefs that they could win the presidency by some combination of liberal orthodoxy and mobilizing core constituencies.""",,0_0
"Several appliance manufacturers also support DOE's new proposed rule, which would give them a guaranteed market for pricey front loaders that would otherwise remain slow sellers. Producers admit that they don't even have to worry about consumer satisfaction with front loaders, since the public would no longer have a choice.",,0_0
"The short-term implications of the move are clear: getting the 60th Democrat in place before the crucial bargaining and votes occur on health reform, financial regulation and climate change. The short-term costs are also clear: Massachusetts' move smacked of rank hypocrisy, since the law being revised was slapped into place by Democrats quickly in 2004 to prevent then-Gov. Mitt Romney (R) from appointing a Republican to fill the Senate vacancy if Sen. John Kerry (D) won the presidency.",,0_0
"Also, I can't get rid of the feeling that Giuliani was badly treated because of some reasons that his critics do not fully disclose. For example, a year ago, Giuliani said that Putin, unlike Obama, is what you call a leader . This is another kind of an obvious observation that has become non-PC in contemporary America.",,0_0
"It's a classic and often effective political argument, pitting Big Gas against the poor, or in Dow's view, Big Gas against poor Big Chemical. It's classic populism, which has guaranteed that their position would make the rounds of activist web sites. All it lacks is evidence.",,0_0
"Investigations by state governments of a company's donations and its positions on climate-change legislation are legally baseless, because any sanctions imposed on Exxon for them would obviously run afoul of the First Amendment (as newspapers like The Washington Post and USA Today have noted). As the Post's Robert Samuelson noted, Exxon is being targeted for expressing its opinions.""",,0_0
"And how about Al Gore? Well in his book, he says  are disappearing from the face of the earth at the rate of one and a half acres a second, night and day, every day, all year round."" This works out to be about the same number NWF uses in its Educator's Guide.""",,0_0
"On September 11, 53 Senators (43 Republicans and 10 Democrats) signed a letter to Gina McCarthy, Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), begging for a 60-day extension of the comment period for the Carbon Pollution Emission Guidelines for Existing Stationary Sources: Electric Generating Units""also known as the Clean Power Plan (CPP). The original 120-day comment periodwhich is already longer than the traditional 60-day comment periodis coming to a close within the next 30 days (October 16).""",,0_0
"While most aktrer, tminstone in theory, stdjer the Mertonska standards governing scientific research communalism, universalism, disinterestedness, originality and skepticism knner many pressured to stdja extreme prospects when it comes to climate science. As a result there is a tendency in this area for the stta political practicality or the latest fashion front of openness and honesty.",,0_0
Well I have my own article on where the heck is global warming? We are asking that here in Boulder where we have broken records the past two days for the coldest days on record. The fact is that we cant account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we cant. The data published in the August 2009 supplement on 2008 shows there should be even more warming: but the data are surely wrong. Our observing system is inadequate.,,1_3
"While FOE tries to scare people with references to extreme weather disasters,"" Idso and Taylor pointed to the fact that ""Global hurricane frequency is undergoing a long-term decline, with global hurricane and tropical storm activity at record lows during the past several years The United States is benefitting from the longest period in recorded history without a major hurricane strike. Tornado activity is in long-term decline, with major tornado strikes (F3 or higher) showing a remarkable decline in recent decades.""",,1_7
"Believers, Skeptics Stand Ground on Climate Change",,0_0
"Between 1998 and 1999, the World Health Organization revised the international codes used to classify causes of death. As a result, data from earlier than 1999 cannot easily be compared with data from 1999 and later.",,0_0
"A recent report by the CPUC California Net Energy Metering (NEM) Draft Cost Effectiveness Evaluation (Sept. 26), reported that net-metered solar energy rooftop systems will shift $1.1 billion per year in extra costs onto other electric ratepayers by 2020. Net metering is where excess electricity from rooftop solar panels results in rolling electric meters backwards. Property owners receive a credit on their electricity bill for the excess electricity they generate.",,4_4
"Take environmental writer Steve Zwick. Writing for Forbes.com, Zwick has called on so-called climate deniers"" to be treated like virtual war criminals: ""We know who the active denialists are--not the people who buy the lies, mind you, but the people who create the lies,"" he writes. ""Let's start keeping track of them now, and when the famines come, let's make them pay. Let's let their houses burn until the innocent are rescued. Let's swap their safe land for submerged islands. Let's force them to bear the cost of rising food prices. They broke the climate. Why should the rest of us have to pay for it?""",,0_0
"Most research on the effects of ocean acidification are flawed according to a Nature article. But we still believe the evidence? From Nature, Crucial ocean-acidification models come up short",,5_1
"Air quality has been gradually improving in most of the U.S., a trend that began in the 1950s when states began passing air pollution laws targeting mostly smoke and particulate emissions (commonly known as soot).7 As Indur M. Goklany writes:",,0_0
"Yes, the world has warmed since 1750. However, even if one accepts Dr. Mllers estimate of 1.5 C o warming since then, that rate is indeed well within the natural variability of the climate. Indeed, in the 40 years from 1695 to 1735, Central England (not a bad proxy for global temperature change) warmed naturally at 0.4 C o per decade, seven times faster than the 0.057 C o per decade he finds in the 262 years during which we are supposed to have influenced the weather.",,2_1
"develop tactical and strategic regional adaptation plans to reduce vulnerability to extreme weather events, climate change, and sea level rise.",,0_0
"Upsizing, however, would entail relaxing CAFE rather than tightening it -- a move that would be totally alien to this administration and to its environmentalist supporters. The Sierra Club, for example, claims that higher CAFE standards would be the biggest single step to curbing global warming."" In their 1992 campaign book, Bill Clinton and Al Gore recommended raising CAFE to 40 mpg by 2000 -- a level whose potential safety consequences add more than a little irony to the book's title, ""Putting People First.""",,0_0
"Other times this vague company of scientists becomes SCIENCE,"" as when we're told ""what science says is required to avoid catastrophic climate change."" ""Science says"" is an inherently weasely claim. ""Science,"" after all, is an abstract noun. It can't say anything. Whenever you see that locution used to imply a consensus, it should trigger your baloney detector.""",,0_0
"Business groups, such as the Chamber of Commerce and the American Petroleum Institute, have been challenging the revised estimate on various fronts.",,0_0
"?We?re heading toward what occurred around the year 1800. It was called the Dalton Minimum of low sunspot activities,? he explained. ?We certainly are down to that in number of sunspots this year. That means the cooling will continue at least until 2030 and yet the government is preparing for warming, which is outrageous. Some people think that this cycle of sunspot activity and global cooling will take us down to as cold as it was around 1680, which was the nadir of the Little Ice Age.?",,1_2
"What unites these two groups according to HVS is that is that they see the scientific bestmda truth as the highest authority. There is no grskala, no opportunity for deviation from this truth. I interpret HVS's that he believes that the BDA these groups have avlgsnat themselves from the basic principle that scientific knowledge is provisional and always ifrgasttas (a basic principle that I sjlv find vldigt important). He continues:",,0_0
"Ken G. Glozer, Time for the Sun to Set on the Tennessee Valley Authority,"" Heritage Foundation Backgrounder No. 2904, May 5, 2014, http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2014/05/time-for-the-sun-to-set-on-the-tennessee-valley-authority.""",,0_0
"The rhetoric, reports US News, ""has struck home with Americans across the countryparticularly those currently or formerly employed in the embattled U.S. goods-producing and manufacturing sectors, who have repeatedly borne the brunt of corporate efforts to move work overseas.""",,0_0
"Consider the Marxist idea of from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.' What an incentive for people to minimize their abilities and maximize their needs. Can you imagine a better formula for destroying society?""",,0_0
The vlknde climate Professor Hans von Storch has written an interesting article in a magazine called Technologist Climate science: the shrinking middle. The article is also available as a blogginlgg on climate blog Klimazwiebel. He criticizes Dr. developments in climate science Dr. climate scientists in the head from under him by the politicization from an ever-shrinking influence on what pstS be the true picture of how the climate will develop in the future and what risks this medfr.,,0_0
To substantiate his case Roberts refers to the fact that the IPCC has found no specific scientifically measured real-world evidence of any causal relationship between human emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) and Earth??s latest modest cyclic warming.,,2_3
Round Up of Snowy Winters & Global Warming Claims ? Excerpted from Climate Depot's Extreme Weather Report,,0_0
"If the effects in #4 are net negative, and they are large enough even to be recognizable against the backdrop of natural variations in #5, do they outweigh the substantial costs, in terms of increased poverty, slowed development, lost wealth, etc. in substantial CO2 abatement.",,4_1
"With instantaneous inputs, the Sun creates the water cycle and drives the entire climate. It heats up the surface to very high temperature, such as you can feel scalding your feet on a nice beach on a sunny day!",,0_0
"TransCanada Corp. (TRP)s Keystone XL pipeline, which would carry oil from landlocked Alberta to the U.S. Gulf Coast, is a no-brainer that would create jobs and bolster the economy, former President George W. Bush said.",,4_5
Keystone XL Pipeline Approval taking Five Times Longer than Average,,0_0
The Milwaukee Sentinel Google News Archive Search,,0_0
"Slowly, the totally one-sided view that human emissions of greenhouse gases, principally carbon dioxide (CO2), are causing catastrophic anthropogenic global warming/climate change (CAGW) is shifting. Contrary views are being more broadly expressed in part of the press, but not in all media outlets. The appeal to the authority of government funded research and government agency publications remains strong in many media outlets. It is strange the many of the radical children of the 1960s, who rejected government authority, now embrace it so fervently. See links under Challenging the Orthodoxy.",,5_1
"In the words of the authors, they examined the distribution of flood peaks for the eastern United States using annual maximum flood peak records from 572 U.S. Geological Survey stream gaging stations with at least 75 years of observations."".....Of even greater interest to the climate change debate, however, were their more basic findings that (1) ""only a small fraction of stations exhibited significant linear trends,"" that (2) ""for those stations with trends, there was a split between increasing and decreasing trends,"" and that (3) ""no spatial structure was found for stations exhibiting trends."" Thus, they were literally forced to conclude, most importantly of all, that (4) ""there is little indication that human-induced climate change has resulted in increasing flood magnitudes for the eastern United States.""",,1_7
"It is becoming abundantly clear that, while the summer of 2012/13 was extremely hot across Australia, summers in earlier years were even hotter.",,2_1
"Climate models, unfortunately, are still unable to provide skillful predictions of changes in regional climate statistics on multi-decadal time scales at the detail desired by the impacts communities. Even on the global scale, the annual, global-averaged radiative forcing predicted by the models is significantly greater than has been observed based on the accumulation of Joules in the climate system. The summer arctic sea ice extent, in contrast, has been significantly under predicted by the models, while the summer Antarctic sea ice extent increase has been missed by the models. Also attribution of specific extreme weather events to multi-decadal changes in climate has not yet been shown, and is likely not even possible.",,5_1
"MOOSE: Ha! He cant even keep his metaphors straight. Cmon, Spunky. Were never going to get through to this guy. So long, Socrates.",,0_0
"Tissue and Lewis continue saying that glacial plants were severely carbon limited over a very long time period, until atmospheric CO2 began rising during the glacial-interglacial transition."" In fact, they indicate that ""controlled environment studies with modern plants grown in glacial CO2"" have shown ""significant carbon limitations on plant physiology even when other resources were generally not limiting ,"" citing Dippery et al. (1995) and Tissue et al. (1995). So in spite of anything one could have done to enhance their productivity (other than supply them with more CO2), glacial-age plants simply could not produce the bounty that today's plants do. In fact, they were fortunate to merely survive.""",,3_3
"Growth skepticism means giving up on the possibility of overcoming economic problems, including burgeoning fiscal deficits, through growth rather than austerity. In Europe the talk has already shifted to curbing consumption rather than raising output. It looks likely that America will follow shortly.",,0_0
"This group naturally includes the United Nations and all of its subsidiaries, the EU, and left wing politicians and media everywhere. At a news conference in Brussels recently, Christiana Figueres, executive secretary of U.N.s Framework Convention on Climate Change, admitted that the goal of environmental activists is not to save the world from ecological calamity, but to change the economic development model i.e. destroy what is left of free enterprise and private property.",,5_2
"The Cancun talks seek to produce decisions on establishing a green fund"" to help poorer nations rein in greenhouse gases and to adapt their economies and infrastructure to a changing climate; an agreement making it easier for developing nations to obtain patented green technology from advanced nations; and pinning down more elements of a system for compensating developing countries for protecting their forests.""",,0_0
"Oh, and designing a bigger rocket that someday, we're told, could take astronauts and robot ships to asteroids and Mars. Right: We'll see Obama embrace the flat tax first. There's ideology at work here.",,0_0
"This one mentions, obliquely the Kuznets curve of improvememnts in enviro conditions following economic prosperity.",,0_0
"SM: I think if Milton Friedman is not the most influential economist of the 20th century, he's second only to Keynes in terms of his impact. So he is a living legend. When you talk about the free-market revolution that's happening all over the world, and I think it is happening--Milton Friedman is really the intellectual inspiration for that.",,0_0
"Note to Skydragons: Exercises such as Postma that use (or misuse) the planetary energy balance equationcannot disprove the existence of the Earths greenhouse effect. If you want to disprove the existence of thegreenhouse effect, you need some sort of alternative explanation for a whole lot of fundamental physicsthat explains the infrared emission spectra as measured at the Earths surface and high above the emittingportion of the atmosphere (see Pierrehumbert ). With regards to the magnitude of the Earths greenhouse effect, for a given atmosphericthermodynamic state and gaseous composition, the clear-sky (cloudless) radiative fluxes areaccurately calculated using sophisticated radiative transfer models that have been validated extensively bythe Atmospheric Radiation Measurement program (see this previous thread ).",,0_0
Democratic Party's brand with the antiwar constituency that gave George McGovern the nomination 35 years earlier. Rather than overcompensating for this stereotype with a me-too,,0_0
needs to be assessed indicates they hadnt bothered to do it by thenand likely still havent.,,0_0
The Board owes every child an open-minded education free of indoctrination.,,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Tamar Community Times,,0_0
"Senator Reid may believe that compelling and subsidizing increased renewable energy use, while undermining and even outlawing conventional energy, is the way to economic growth and energy independence. In reality, this reckless scheme could easily cause the collapse of our energy grid, job creation, economy and living standards, just as it is already doing in Europe.",,4_1
Global Warming Alarmists Sabotage Wikipedia Entries,,5_2
"Agees calculations suggest that it would be possible to remove 1 billion tonnes of CO2 per year this way, using the energy provided by 16 wind farms, each generating 1200 megawatts of electricity. Theres a lot of wind energy in the Antarctic, Agee says.",,4_4
"He replied, soaking it all up. In a bold twist reminiscent of Soviet psychologists, he called the skeptics bullies and the attacks orchestrated:",,0_0
hand. In terms of the substance of guaranteeing Iran does not conduct a,,0_0
Right now we are witnessing cold temperatures that we have not seen in decades. The following is the way that one meteorologist put it,,1_3
"About 70 percent of cumulative emissions since the industrial revolution were emitted from developed countries, which are believed to be the reason behind todays global climate change, according to the latest assessment report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.",,0_0
"There's an old adage that no news is good news."" In today's world of fear-injected reporting, the principle should perhaps be restated as ""good news is no news.""",,0_0
Read the full article at New York Post.,,0_0
"The Sierra Club is not only lying to its members, it is lying to all of us when it says: Getting all of the energy we need without using fossil fuels is no longer a question of whether we canbut whether we will."" We can't, we shouldn't, and we won't but we must wait until Obama is no longer in office and, as early as the 2014 midterm elections, we must rid our nation of his supporters in Congress.""",,0_0
"Workers compensation systems vary from state to state. State statutes and court decisions control many aspects, including the handling of claims, the evaluation of impairment and settlement of disputes, the amount of benefits injured workers receive and the strategies used to control costs.",,0_0
"By Staff Writers, Washington DC (SPX), Aug 10, 2015",,0_0
Highest Court in DC Allows Second Amendment Challenges to Long-Ago Convictions for Violating D.C. Handgun Ban:,,0_0
Uncertainty Identified in GCMs With Respect to Predicting Global Albedos,,0_0
"Washington, D.C. will be one of those cities, but as Bastasch reported, Environmentalists and liberal groups are urging Obama to use the speech to reaffirm his commitment to fighting global warming. ""President Obama should rank the battle against climate change as one of his top priorities in his State of the Union speech next week', said Center for Clean Air Policy president Ned Heime.""",,0_0
"And weve already seen the future of this in the U.S., which recently raised the social cost of carbon (SCC) estimate from $22/ton to $36/ton, which would have to be, almost certainly, the basis by which the initial tax rate would be set. The SCC was originally set at $21/ton in 2010, and its up to $36/ton only 3 years later a 67% increase.",,0_0
I'd be inclined to adopt a variation on Wallace's catchphrase for whenever energy use or energy policy is being discussed: Numbers don't lie.,,0_0
"The 1992 Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro became a United States bash-fest. This year's Earth Summit Plus-5"" meeting at the United Nations in New York continued that tradition. Britain Prime Minister Tony Blair, in a clear reference to the U.S., stated, ""The biggest responsibility falls on those countries with the biggest emissions . . .""",,0_0
"Number of the Week: 926,900 tonnes. A report from China asserts the State Oceanic Administration said China has built a total of 112 seawater desalination plants by the end of 2014, producing 926,900 tonnes of fresh water per day. In north China, desalted water is mainly used for water-intensive industries including electricity and steel in Tianjin, Hebei and Shandong, while in south China, desalted water is mainly for civilian needs covering the provinces of Zhejiang, Fujian and Hainan.",,0_0
Maybe these modelers should contact them for advice or even on line education programs for wannabe climate modelers.,,0_0
"A new book is advising us to prepare for a serious cold spell that is not only going to arrive in twenty to thirty years, but will likely stay around to become the next ice age. This time, though, the prediction is based on well-established climate cycles and the behavior of the Sun that was known as far back as Galileos day.",,1_2
UPDATE: Robert Manne replies at #29. See my reply to that. Jo,,0_0
"Yes, you can be happy that lots of folks have managed to get control of their domain (regulators, unions, politicians). That this then breaks the ability of a market system to adapt and respond to unexpected events is only natural To then complain about the system YOU have constructed is interesting theater but perhaps not in the way you think.",,0_0
"As time progresses and paleoclimatic studies increase in both number and sophistication, ever more evidence is accumulating for the global reality of the solar-induced millennial-scale oscillation of climate that pervades both glacial and interglacial periods alike. In this specific instance, Desprat et al . report that a millennial-scale climatic cyclicity over the last 3000 years is detected for the first time in NW Iberia paralleling global climatic changes recorded in North Atlantic marine records (Bond et al ., 1997; Bianchi and McCave, 1999; Chapman and Shackelton, 2000)."" The establishment of the Modern Warm Period over the course of the past century is consequently seen to be nothing more than the most recent manifestation of this ever-recurring phenomenon and, hence, is likely totally unrelated to the concurrent historical increase in the air's CO 2 content. References""",,2_1
"To start with, the Washington show"" consisted of country stars Garth Brooks and Tricia Yearwood added to preexisting events with Indian artists. As Carter Wood observed at the National Association of Manufacturers' blog ShopFloor.org:""",,0_0
"This morning, stunning photos show New England lobster boats frozen in port , looking like they are stranded deep within the Arctic Circle. The boats have been frozen in place for weeks, which would be remarkable enough if this were the middle of January. However, the calendar is about to turn to March.",,0_0
"A reader or a homeowner may lack the expertise to predict certain things about the climate but he surely understands what it means for the temperature to increase by 5 C in a few decades - let's say 3 decades. He may quickly learn that the warming caused by the greenhouse effect should be most pronounced in the middle troposphere. After a few minutes, he finds the graph of the mid troposphere temperatures from 1978 to 2008: three decades of data.",,0_0
"Email matt@wmbriggs.com or call (beginning Monday, 17 January) 917-392-0691.",,0_0
"And even if cap-and-trade does what is intended, the reduction in CO2 emissions as a fraction of global CO2 emissions will moderate future warming by, at most, around one tenth of a degree C by late in this century. That is probably not even measurable.",,4_2
U.S. says Chinese businesses and banks are bypassing U.N. sanctions against Iran:,,0_0
"However their asymmetrical categorization of a 74year baseline period vs. three 11year climate change periods is highly problematic. If their intent was to determine the timing of any significant shifts, their analysis should have compared equal decade-long periods. Instead because their technique averaged the most extreme southern latitudes, the baseline would easily be dominated by the earliest 20 th century observations. Any range retractions that happened later during the baseline period would not be statistically detected until the 1975-1986 climate change period. Any editor or peer reviewer should have required a correction, knowing their asymmetrical categorization could cause such misleading results.",,5_1
"The NAS has come under fire for its lobbying practices. See: NAS Pres. Ralph Cicerone Turns Science Org. into political advocacy group: $6 million NAS study is used to lobby for global warming bill & Cicerone??s Shame: NAS Urges Carbon Tax, Becomes Advocacy Group ??? ???political appointees heading politicized scientific institutions that are virtually 100% dependent on gov??t funding?? MIT??s Richard Lindzen harshly rebuked NAS president Cicerone in his Congressional testimony in November 2010. Lindzen testified: ???Cicerone is saying that regardless of evidence the answer is predetermined. If government wants carbon control, that is the answer that the Academies will provide.??",,5_2
"While President Obama challenged China at the United Nations to follow the U.S. lead in pushing for drastic reductions in national carbon emissions to save the planet from climate change, it appears that China has dramatically different ideas. As in: no.",,0_0
"Energy demand is expected to increase by about 40 percent over the next 20 years. And to meet the worlds growing demand, we will need all forms of energy including oil, natural gas, coal, nuclear, renewable and alternative fuels. Virtually all credible forecasts show oil, gas, and coal will continue to represent 7580 percent of the worlds energy mix in 2035.",,4_5
Dr. MANN: This very unprecedented warmth of the 20th century had ahad ahad a very close relationship with the increase in greenhouse gases during the past century.,,0_0
"Hollywood likes to remake classic movies from a generation ago, like Planet of the Apes, The Manchurian Candidate, and The Ladykillers. Why, it might be asked, has there never beenand never will there bea remake of Soylent Green? For readers who have forgotten or not seen the movie, Soylent Green was the 1973 sci-fi/horror film starring Charlton Heston that featured an overpopulated, food-short world of the early-twenty-first century where organized cannibalism had become necessary. But Soylent Green today is clearly too ridiculous even for Roland Emmerich, the moving force behind the remakes of War of the Worlds (Independence Day) and Godzilla, as well as this year's eco-disaster flick, The Day after Tomorrow.",,0_0
"But what about the strongest tornadoes, the EF-4s and EF- 5s? If Elsners theory is correct, surely we should be seeing an increasing frequency of these?",,0_0
"A rapidly growing number of Americans are coming to distrust ?scientific? climate report conclusions that emanate from authoritarian government and institutional sources ? often with good reason. Such skepticism has arisen in part from revelations of conspiracies among influential researchers to exaggerate the existence and threats of man-made climate change, withhold background data and suppress contrary findings evidenced in the ?ClimateGate? scandal.",,5_2
"In speaking about Cap and Trade, Monckton warned how any measure to curtail global warming would result in abject failure. Monckton then listed three current approaches that are doomed to failure because they would have no effect on climate change: Kerry-Lieberman Bill, EPA regulations, and an attempt to push a new treaty at Cancun to replace the failed Copenhagen one.",,4_2
"The top panel shows my emulation of the Mann NH and SH iHAD (land-ocean) reconstructions using the AD800 network (no splicing), together with the Mannian iHad instrumental (I haen??t parsed the relationship of this to HAD and am just using it as is). In the panel below that, I did the same thing using all proxies except the Tiljander sediments. As you see, there is a profound difference particularly in the SH, where the 20th century is not in the slightest anomalous according to this information. Another odd point in the bottom panel version is that the NH 11th century which is believed to be one of the ???warm?? centers of the MWP emerges, together with the late 17th century LIA, as one of the coldest times of the millennium ??? something that doesn??t make a whole lot of sense, even for MWP opponents. At present, I don??t know which proxies are leading to this result.",,5_1
"Due to these factors, we will temporarily cease to offer tomatoes on your sandwhich. As soon as the tomato crop returns to normal we will add them back to your sandwiches.",,0_0
"Obama officials are already trying to hide behind Mass v. EPA, claiming 'the Court made us do it.' This excuse won't wash. President Obama can protect consumers, jobs, and the economy from EPA regulatory excess any time he wants just by introducing stand-alone legislation to exclude carbon dioxide from regulation under PSD, NAAQS, etc.",,0_0
"54: Roy Spencer has been wrong many times. 55: In research, we are usually wrong with our initial opinions. 55: It is much easier to be wrong than right.",,0_0
(Note: 1 Mega electron Volt = 1.60217646 10 -13 joules),,0_0
"Some sentences betray the postmodern intellectual atmosphere of the environment in which Pinker works (Edward O. Wilson is one of the fellow Harvard authors whose ideas Pinker argues against). For example, the group selection theory is nice because it is non-reductionist and ecumenical"", Pinker reproduces a theme heard in his environment. Needless to say, reductionism is considered by many as a major ""villain"" that partially drives the group selection advocates to their conclusions. Pinker makes a convincing case that it's the individual (in a species) or the individual gene that is always a player in the game of selection and the society or context may always be treated as a type of an environment.""",,0_0
"Please pass this information on to other open-minded, science-oriented people. If you know anyone who would like to get AWED emailings periodically, please email me.",,0_0
"Reuters today reported that rain and late-season snow continues to affect corn, soybean, and winter wheat crops across the U.S.",,1_3
"1 vacancy Washington DC Metro Area, DC",,0_0
"So the IPCC is right about the solar. And from having to explain 1.6 W/m2, weve explained 0.15 W/m2 of it which leaves 1.45 W/m2 of missing warming.",,0_0
Why a leading French atmospheric scientist and socialist politician recanted.,,0_0
"Gillett et al. (2013) : This study uses temperature observations over 18512010 and a detection-and-attribution regression method to scale AOGCM TCR values. The individual CMIP5 model regression-based observationally-constrained TCRs shown in a figure in the Gillett et al. (2013) study imply a best (median ) estimate for TCR of 1.4C, with a 595% range of 0.82.0C. That compares with a range of 0.92.3C given in the study based on a single regression incorporating all models at once, which it is unclear is as suitable a method.",,0_0
"New York Times: Remember when we told you that global warming causes warmer winters? We should have said that global warming causes colder' winters""",,0_0
Alexander et al. published a peer-reviewed study that found storms in the southeast region of Australia showing a significant reduction since the late 19th century.,,1_7
"Instead of adopting the attitude of Candide's Dr. Pangloss that this is the best of all possible worlds and that any change is detrimental, we should reexamine ways in which our fears of the future impede our developing the resiliency we need to meet the challenges that the future may bring. If the world does become, say, warmer and wetter, agriculture would need to adapt. Seen in that light, the environmentalist's war against biotechnology justified by the anti-scientific precautionary principle is not only misguided, but deadly. As the late political scientist Aaron Wildavsky noted, the greatest risk is the attempt to make the world risk-free.",,0_0
"Dickens life demonstrates the extraordinary variability of the British winters during that era, when the coldest and warmest winters in the CET records can be juxtaposed. Generally there are few examples of constant cold winters year after year-the LIA was becoming much more sporadic than it had been several centuries earlier, when bitter cold weather appears to have been the norm. To put this era into perspective mature English people might be surprised to learn they lived through a much colder winter than Dickens ever experienced. 1962/3 at -0.33C was the third coldest in the entire CET record compared to Dickens coldest year 1814 at 0.43c, the fourth coldest in the record. (1962/3 was a bit of a one off-Dickens experienced a greater number of relatively cold winters)",,1_3
Were the struggles of this campaign season a precursor to future uncertainty regarding party identity and leadership?,,0_0
"Regulators and energy companies met Tuesday, hoping to hash out a solution to the peculiar stresses placed on the state's network by sharp increases in wind and solar energy. Power production from renewable sources fluctuates wildly, depending on wind speeds and weather.",,4_4
5. His most recent television appearance was with me on the syndicated PBS show Uncommon Knowledge (www.uncommonknowledge.org).,,0_0
"Vaccination to prevent viral and bacterial diseases is modern medicine's most cost-effective intervention. Vaccines to prevent the expected avian flu pandemic could save the lives of millionsif vaccine R&D; were not in such a sorry state, as the result of an unfortunate confluence of biology and public policy.",,0_0
"Thus, 4.7 ln(390/388) = 0.043 Fahrenheit degrees less than a twentieth of a Fahrenheit degree of global warming every year. That is all. Putting it another way, it would take almost a quarter of a century with no carbon-emitting activity at all not a single train, plane, automobile, or fossil-fueled power station to forestall just 1 Fahrenheit degree of global warming.",,4_2
"More recent was the March 11, 2011 shutdown of the Fukushima reactor in Japan as the result of an earthquake and subsequent tsunami. Three of its cores melted in the first three days, but there have been no deaths or radiation sickness attributed to this event. That's the part you're not told about.",,0_0
There's a complete misrepresentation of science's level of understanding of the reasons why this is happening:,,0_0
"Maryland's Gov. Martin O'Malley who is well-regarded by environmentalists for consuming and metabolizing the green Kool-Aid on global warming supports the Calvert Cliffs expansion. O'Malley apparently realizes that Maryland needs the electricity given the fact that the state is facing rolling blackouts on summer days starting as early as 2011. Moreover, nuclear power is emissions-free, another plus for Maryland's warmer-in-chief. His support is even more remarkable since he recently barred the installation of wind turbines on public lands. The governor's picking nukes over wind must have sent the greens into meltdown. So in response, the desperate greens came up with a bizarre new argument: nuclear power causes global warming.",,0_0
"?David Holland?. Everything we found was cc?d to you and/or Dave Palmer, which",,0_0
"Further words of truth spoken by Lord Monckton described how science and economics cannot be divorced from politics, that Cap and Trade is nothing less than an attempt by the rich and powerful to take away the chance for the little guy to face up to the big guy, and that scientific truth will always remain the truth because it doesn't matter how many lies are told.",,0_0
"Today our leading rivals understand this, even if the current administration doesn't.",,0_0
"Hansen told the New York Times that the world would likely be under ocean water within decades, not centuries.",,0_0
A growing body of evidence clearly shows that hydroclimatic variability,,0_0
"In other words, as I said, the warming of 1975-2000 was only half caused by man-made emissions and half by natural causes, according to their conclusions, and natural causes were enough to cancel man-made forcing in the years after 2000.",,2_1
"The four Australian researchers report that significant genotype by environment interactions for both stressors at gastrulation indicated the presence of heritable variation in thermal tolerance and the ability of embryos to respond to changing environments."" And they say that ""positive genetic correlations for gastrulation indicated that genotypes that did well at lower pH also did well in higher temperatures."" What it means""",,3_2
"The flaw in the UN reasoning is clear, however. The alarmists claim the global warming since 1976 has been too rapid to be caused by natural forces, and therefore must be man-made. However, the earths Industrial Revolution went global after 1945releasing the first big flush of CO2 emissions. That burst of greenhouse gases should have sharply boosted the earths temperatures. Instead, the earths temperature declined from 194075.",,2_3
"Monash News, sport and weather | Monash Weekly",,0_0
"Climate scientists have been baffled by the 17-year pause in global warming. At least eight explanations have been offered to explain the lapse in warming, including declining solar activity and natural climate cycles.",,1_4
"Some of the coal being burned overseas is coal that is not being burned here. In March, the U.S. set a record for coal exports in a month, 13.6 million tons. Indeed, on the same day that Zichal was talking about Obama's legacy on climate issues, the Energy Information Administration released a report showing that U.S. coal exports are likely to set another record this year, after setting a record of nearly 126 million tons in 2012. The EIA pointed to increased Asian demand as a major reason for the rise in U.S. coal exports.",,0_0
Heres the clip from todays World Bank media event announcing its new report on climate:,,0_0
Chicago is moving a step closer to a high-speed rail line running from downtown to O'Hare International Airport.,,0_0
"In light of the importance of SCC to U.S. climate/energy policy, it seems that much more attention needs to be paid to this issue.",,0_0
"Marc started by making his point that many news stories about global warming science apply uneven labels to the advocates vs. the skeptics of catastrophic global warming theory, and that some more marginal media outlets have gone much farther, explicitly comparing climate skeptics to Holocaust deniers. Despite Marc mentioning it repeatedly, no one on the panel would comment on whether they thought such an outrageous comparison was justified.",,5_2
Tel: (49-228) 815-1506,,0_0
"For decades Indian policy makers viewed American policy as that of an off-shore balancer to counter so-called Indian hegemony in South Asia. Starting with the Bush administration, American officials began to view India as an emerging global power. In his speech before the Parliament of India, President Obama asserted that India is not simply emerging; India has already emerged."" Further, President Obama emphasized that the U.S. looked forward to Indian engagement in southeast Asia and east Asia, as well as an Indian role in Africa.""",,0_0
"How did I concoct this? First, I fit a least squares trend and found the line that bests fits the data Roger provided. This line has a slope of 1.21 units/time and the intercept at time=0 is 78 units. I checked to see if the trend was statistically significant: It was. Then, I checked the autocorrelation of residuals: It was 5%. So, I neglected auto-correlation and proceeded as though its not real. (It might be real, who knows? Im being naive here. )",,0_0
Twitter has reinstated my account. They got many thousands of angry tweets and apparently relented.,,0_0
"That average rates of environmental change in the oceans and on land are similar is not such a surprise, says Henry Gholz, program director in NSFs Division of Environmental Biology.",,0_0
"And there's more. Russia has, the White House believes, more reasons for ending the conflict. Militarily, it's a war neither Russia nor Assad can win. The only option is to keep throwing good money after bad, to prop up an Assad government that cannot restore security in the country. Worse, as Assad's forces weaken, Russia will have to throw more of its combat strength into the mix, leading to more casualties and unrest at home. Some of that unrest will be among the Russian Muslim population, who are overwhelmingly Sunni and who are not pleased at Russian participation in a sectarian war on the Shi'a side. Supporting Assad and Iran also weakens Russia's hopes for outreach to the Sunni Arabs, whose help Russia will need to jack the oil price back up. Given all that, negotiating with Russia over Syria looks like a smart play, and this is where, over and over, the Obama Administration comes out when it debates Syria policy.",,0_0
"We already know that the government had not sought advice on how much difference the Act would make on temperatures, either globally or nationally. But presumably they would not have passed this legislation unless the effects of climate change in the UK were already becoming noticeable and damaging. So lets take a look at how the effect that climate change has had on the UK in recent years.",,0_0
"SM: Exactly. This is something that I'm feeling very good about. One of the most interesting parts about the debate on the president's tax plan is that the left's main line of attack was class warfare. And I think that was a strategic mistake by the left. It really fell flat on its face. Folks didn't, for the most part, buy into the class warfare. The truth is that most Americans don't hate rich people like Bill Gates and Michael Dell as much as Tom Daschle does.",,0_0
"Though the sunspots are affecting the radiation received from the sun, they are not the only thing affecting our climate. Much closer to home, there are thousands of volcanos and volcanic vents spewing volcanic ash and gases into the atmosphere.",,2_1
"Senator Joe Manchin (D-WV) bluntly summed up the effects of EPA's clean power"" rules. ""A lot of people on the lower end of the socioeconomic spectrum are going to die,"" he said.""",,0_0
The Northwest Passage from the Atlantic to the Pacific has remained blocked by pack-ice all year. More than 20 yachts that had planned to sail it have been left ice-bound and a cruise ship attempting the route was forced to turn back.,,1_1
"If even such nonsense models score that high the reported 51% of validation RE of MBH98 are not very meaningful. The low CE and R2 values moreover point to a weakness in predicting the shorter time scales. Therefore, the reconstruction skill needs a re-assessment, also on the background of the McIntyre and McKitrick, 2005b claim that it is not even significantly nonzero.",,5_1
"When populism exploded again with the 2008 financial collapse and TARP bailout, the next generation of Republican leaders led by Eric Cantor, Kevin McCarthy, and Paul Ryan, the self-named Young Guns took the Gingrich playbook and ran with it, exploiting and fueling populist anger at the political establishment and the new black president to take back power.",,0_0
"CEI reminds OSTP that this practice was described as creat non-governmental accounts for official business"" and ""using the nongovernmental accounts specifically to avoid creating a record of the communications"" in a recent analogous situation involving lobbyist Jack Abramoff. CEI expects similar congressional and media outrage at this similar practice to evade the applicable record-keeping laws.""",,0_0
"Over the past week, Australia hosted the Group of 20 (G-20) meeting in Brisbane, and the public heard speeches from a number of leaders including those from the United Kingdom and Germany. But eyes were mostly trained on the words and deeds of presidents Barack Obama and Xi Jinping.",,0_0
"A coral reef in Northern Australia severely damaged by warming seas has managed to completely heal itself in just 12 years, stunned researchers have found.",,3_2
"$300 BILLION ! Lets just pause and think about that for a moment more than global software AND biotech sectors combined that is a phenomenal statistic. If there had been no global warming scare over the past twenty years, most of these companies wouldnt even exist!",,5_2
"Next month, the United Nations will formally announce the successors to its Millennium Development Goals, the global body's approach to poverty alleviation since the year 2000. These new goals will be touted as sustainable."" The event will coincide with a visit by the pope, at which he is expected to concentrate on climate change and materialism as the greatest threats to the welfare of the people of the developing world.""",,0_0
"A new study, Emissions pathways, climate change, and impacts on California,"" published in the August 24 issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences garnered considerable press coverage in California and the rest of the nation on August 17. The Associated Press coverage was typical:""",,0_0
"So we're also exposed to the standard anti-quantum propaganda that entanglement is a borderline crime and it shouldn't happen unless and the rest of the sentence is their contribution"" you have some powerful constructors inside kettles to heat water and to beat other constructors, or whatever. It's just batit crazy.""",,0_0
"The gap"" stayed bridged-at least until Climategate when Saltzman's neat and tidy theory began to unravel. An unsuspecting world merely had to read the leaked emails to see how the Emperor's Climate Clothes were crudely stitched together by heady tribalism among opportunist cronies.""",,5_2
We were here for spring break. The kids wanted to see the dinosaurs at the Museum of Natural History. I took them to see the dinosaurs in Congress.,,0_0
Video: Heartland Event Featuring Cedric Keith A Discussion About Libertarian Ecology,,0_0
"Introduced on February 9th, 2009 the bill was subtitled, An Act to ensure Canada assumes its responsibilities in preventing dangerous climate change."" This was, of course, before Climate-gate, before Glacier-gate, before the Canadian IPCC Citizens Audit showed that fully 1/3 of the IPCC 4th Assessment Report's references were not peer-reviewed, and before the Copenhagen Climate Conference failed amid statements like the one from the head of the G77 Group, Lumumba Stanislaus Di-Aping, who said, "" asks Africa to sign a suicide pact, an incineration pact in order to maintain the economic dominance of a few countries. It is a solution based on values, the very same values in our opinion that funnelled six million people in Europe into furnaces.""",,0_0
"while most climate model simulations show low biases over Europe, inter-model variations in bias over Australia and Amazonia are considerable. Mehran et al.",,5_1
Read more at the Wall Street Journal (subscription may be required).,,0_0
"Yet in the 15 years since 1998, surface air temperatures have held flat, a fact now grudgingly conceded by the climate-science establishment, despite more than 100 billion tons of carbon dioxide having been pumped into the atmosphere over the same period. Nature is far more imaginative than we are,"" Stamatios Krimigis, the eminent Johns Hopkins physicist, said last month when readings from the Voyager spacecraft failed to match expectations for what it would find at the far edge of the solar system. That kind of humility in the face of data is tough for today's environmentalists, who have staked so much on their own models, predictions and certitudes.""",,1_4
"As Ludwig von Mises stated, petrol is good for many things, but not for slaking your thirst. Similarly, government may be useful in some instances but not in others. The precautionary principle is good, provided it is used appropriately. We should first apply it to politics: our elected leaders should be required to produce impact studies, showing, ex ante, that their planned interventions will have a positive effect. Thus the scope of government would spontaneously be reduced to its congruent portion.",,0_0
"When testing data, it is obviously possible to take two approaches: a) Select a data set and use only that data set or b) Use a collection of all data thought reliable by practitioners. I prefer the second approach. As I see it, the advantages and disadvantages of each approach are as follows:",,0_0
"Brger, G., 2007. Comment on The Spatial Extent of 20th-Century Warmth in the Context of the Past 1200 Years. Science , 316 , 1844a.",,0_0
"This rapid warming of the 13th century was followed by a period of extended warmth that lasted until an abrupt cooling event occurred around 1375, which made the following decade one of the coldest in the record. This event signaled the onset of the Little Ice Age, which lasted for 400 years, until a gradual warming trend began around 1800, which was followed by a dramatic cooling event in 1900 that brought temperatures back to levels similar to those of the Little Ice Age. This cold regime lasted until about 1950, whereupon temperatures warmed for about two decades but then tended downwards again, all the way to the end of the record in 1990. Thus, in this part of the Arctic, the Medieval Warm Period was also warmer than it is there currently.",,2_1
"A more fundamental problem: Most Kyoto foes rest their case on a demoralizing argument. Kyoto is said to be flawed"" and ""unfair"" because it exempts developing countries from emission controls. As the slogan has it, ""A global problem requires a global solution."" But such criticism concedes the main points at issue. It implies that global warming is a real problem, and that suppressing fossil energy is the solution.""",,0_0
But the multi-model means are not the focus of this post. Our interests are the wide ranges in the model simulations of Earths Energy Imbalance at the top of the atmosphere and its components. Lets start with the incident shortwave radiation.,,0_0
"Of this estimate, $74 billion comes directly from the output of new hydrocarbon production alone. The rest is generated by multiplier effects as the surge in economic activity drives higher wealth, spending, consumption and investment effects that ripple through the economy. This potential re-industrialization of the U.S. economy is both profound and timely, occurring as the U.S struggles to shake off the lingering effects of the 2008 financial crisis.",,4_5
>> I am putting the finishing touches to my new scenario paper for Africa and,,0_0
"It is also possible, though, that the mandates could, in some cases, go beyond the actions that the cap-and-trade would motivate. That is to say, the regulations might require steps that would cost more than would the cap-and-trade alone. The GHG cap sets total national emissions; so, if a mandate requires more GHG abatement in one area, less will occur in another. Therefore, society will reap no environmental gain, but the costs of reaching the cap will exceed those which would prevail with only the cap-and-trade in place.",,4_1
"Cheap energy powers economies. Natural gas is more than just energy, it??s also a feedstock to all sorts of important chemical production, from nitrogen fertilizer to plastics. Pierre Gosselin has a couple relevant posts at his No Tricks Zone. 500,000 New US Jobs By 2025 Thanks To Affordable Shale Gas ??? US Gas 75% Cheaper Than In Europe notes some of the industries moving back to the US or starting from scratch thanks to cheap natural gas. It??s quite a counterpoint to his lament about companies leaving Germany and that Chemicals Industry Bosses And Labor Union Send Angela Merkel Warning Letter Over Skyrocketing Energy Prices .",,4_5
"230 million years ago, when the land was dominated by dinosaurs, the oceans were controlled by coccolithophores , one-celled marine plants (a kind of phytoplankton). Tomorrow, a peer-reviewed paper in Science M. Debora Iglesias-Rodriguez, Paul R. Halloran & their 11 disciples: Phytoplankton Calcification in a High-CO2 World will argue that according to lab tests as well as direct observations of the sea bed, coccolithophores thrive. Over the past 220 years, their volume has increased by 40% or so. They are a cornerstone of the ecosystem. For example, they help to remove carbon and lock it in rocks as they die and sink.",,3_2
"Malaria and yellow fever were once common in non-tropical regions. During the Little Ice Age when it was much cooler than it is today, malaria was still a major problem in Europe.33 Earlier in this century, the Soviet Union, not known for its balmy weather, experienced a major malaria epidemic. At the same time, Alaska reported many malaria cases.",,0_0
The model simulations of outgoing longwave radiation in absolute form are shown in Figure 8. They too show a massive spread in simulated values. The 10 watts/m^2 difference during our base period indicates there is little agreement among the models on how much infrared radiation is presently being emitted by Earth to space.,,0_0
"Meanwhile, the National Snow and Ice Data Center has acknowledged that due to a satellite sensor malfunction, it had been underestimating the extent of Arctic sea ice by 193,000 square miles ??? an area the size of Spain. In a new study, University of Wisconsin researchers Kyle Swanson and Anastasios Tsonis conclude that global warming could be going into a decades-long remission. The current global cooling ???is nothing like anything we??ve seen since 1950,?? Swanson told Discovery News. Yes, global cooling: 2008 was the coolest year of the past decade ??? global temperatures have not exceeded the record high measured in 1998, notwithstanding the carbon-dioxide that human beings continue to pump into the atmosphere.",,1_2
"The key lesson to be learned is that not only must scientific knowledge about climate change be publicly owned the I.P.C.C. does a fairly good job of this according to its own terms but the very practices of scientific enquiry must also be publicly owned, in the sense of being open and trusted. From outside, and even to the neutral, the attitudes revealed in the emails do not look good. To those with bigger axes to grind it is just what they wanted to find.",,5_2
"If youre so interested in creating more jobs, why not approve the Keystone pipeline, which will create tens of thousands of jobs? Wallace asked of the pipeline under review.",,0_0
The Doran U of Illinois Survey was reported to state:,,0_0
"With that inconvenient truth, perhaps it is time to start looking at the climate-energy nexus in a different way:",,0_0
"You have destroyed nature with your industrial waste and gases more than any other nation in history. Despite this, you refuse to sign the Kyoto agreement so that you can secure the profit of your greedy companies and industries, al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden wrote in a 2002 ""letter to the American people"".""",,0_0
"We are all familiar with the Litany: the environment is in poor shape here in Earth. Our resources are running out. The population is ever growing, leaving less and less to eat. The air and water are becoming ever more polluted. The planet's species are becoming extinct in vast numberswe kill off more than 40,000 each year. The forests are disappearing, fish stocks are collapsing, and the coral reefs are dying. We are defiling our Earth, the fertile topsoil is disappearing; we are paving over nature, destroying the wilderness, decimating the biosphere, and will end up killing ourselves in the process. The world's ecosystem is breaking down. We are fast approaching the absolute limit of viability, and the limits of growth are becoming apparent.",,0_0
A compilation of some of the best journalism in the months leading up to Barack Obamas historic action to address climate change.,,0_0
"We must demand debate on every aspect of climate and energy issues and honesty, transparency, and accountability in all regulatory processes. There is no room for fraud and deceit.",,0_0
"And yet, some of the most exciting technological developments and significant reductions in U.S. and Canadian GHG emissions since 2009 have come from outside the process: from the natural gas industry.",,0_0
"Failures of peer review are examples of what Nobel chemistry laureate Irving Langmuir called pathological science""the ""science of things that are not so.""",,0_0
We are asked to believe that humans are drastically changing the earths climate by burning fossil fuels. The problem with their theory is very simple: It is NOT true.,,2_3
"Last summer, two American researchers took a more careful look. Armed with 210 overhead photographs of the Amazon region taken by Landsat satellites, they compared images from 1978 and 1988, painstakingly entered into a computer every tiny forest clearing, road, and power-line right of way. They found the average rate of rainforest loss was 3.7 million acres per year, or about one-fifth the widely accepted number.",,0_0
"An adjoining firm, Wavin, who make heating, plumbing and drainage products, have been allowing fire crews to use its water reserves normally used for the manufacture of the companys clay pipe products. This will continue until the fire is finally put out.",,0_0
"You also probably know that energy makes it possible to heat our homes, cook our food, and fill our gas tanks, but it does much more. Energy protects our troops and keeps our firefighters and police officers safe. Energy from oil, natural gas, and coal is responsible for hundreds and hundreds of everyday products. Coal provides the affordable energy that powers our factories and the raw materials used to make hundreds and hundreds of products we use every day are derived from oil and natural gas.",,4_5
Elected: I'm now vice chair at my local UKIP branch,,0_0
"The UK biofuels industry stands to be devastated by draft proposals being developed by the European Commission, renewables chiefs have warned. The great irony is we have been repeatedly asking for a clear pathway to 2020, not least to secure investment in technological advancement. Nobody listened. Now Europe is planning a quantum leap which threatens to wipe us out. It is a double whammy and an absolutely galling prospect for companies that have invested millions in good faith. Farmers Guardian, 28 September 2012 ( http://www.farmersguardian.com/home/renewables/biofuels-industry-would-be-devastated-by-eu-plans-rea/50036.article )",,0_0
"9 hours ago AUSTRALIAs $46 Million Antarctic Airstrip Is Melting, Leaving The Government Scrambling To Find A New Air Link To The Frozen Continent.",,0_0
"Oops. UK Met Office in 2006: We are expecting milder winters' Head of predictions, Dr. Geoff Jenkins, the ""believes the mild, wet winter is almost certainly a sign of global warming'""",,0_0
"Fortunately, I'd had major plumbing problems at my home that morning. I am not happy that I had to leave two plumbers in my house when I headed off to speak at the Keystone meeting, but dealing with the problems prevented me from reading the pages of research I'd printed out on John Podesta and his views on the Keystone pipeline. I read them later in the day, on the plane on the way to join my family for Christmas.",,0_0
"Robyn Terry, the congressman's wife, had described the video as a political commercial.""",,0_0
"The most significant atmospheric component in the radiative balance is water: as a homogeneous absorbing and emitting vapor, in its heat transport by evaporation and condensation; as clouds, snow and ice cover, which have a major effect on the albedo, and as the enormous circulating mass of",,0_0
"Via the WUWT Solar Page , heres the image from the Solar Dynamics Observatory",,0_0
"It shows general warming from 1680 following the cold of the Little Ice Age (LIA) that was coincident with the Maunder Minimum of sunspots. This warming shows why charges that others and I were global warming deniers were false. What we questioned was the claim that humans were the cause. Dickens Winters relate to Charles Dickens and the cold weather, poor harvests, and hard economic times typified by A Christmas Carol . The period correlates with the Dalton Minimum of reduced sunspots. Conditions of that time are similar to those anticipated for the next 3040 years.",,2_1
"Studies demonstrate an association"" between ""premature mortality and fine particle pollution at the lowest levels measured,"" EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy told Congress. They have not found a level ""at which premature mortality effects do not occur."" Reducing emissions and exposure always yields health benefits.""",,0_0
"I guess I should not make too much fun of our local paper, I know it must be hard to fill all those pages every day. But I have to laugh at the statistical insights our reporters provide:",,0_0
BBC News Sea-level rise from polar ice melt finally quantified,,0_0
"Of equal importance here are the magnitudes of the actual trends of the surface and troposphere. The average global surface trend for 90 model simulations for 1979-2012 (Climate Model Intercomparison Project 5 or CMIP-5 used for IPCC AR5) is +0.232 C/decade. The average of the observations is +0.157 C/decade. Therefore models, on average, depict the last 34 years as warming about 1.5 times what actually occurred. Santer et al. 2012 (for 1979-2011 model output) noted that a subset of CMIP-5 models produce warming in LT that is 1.9 times observed, and for a deeper layer of the atmosphere (mid-troposphere, surface to about 18 km) the models warm the air 2.5 times that of observations. These are significant differences, implying the climate sensitivity of models is too high.",,5_1
"Carbon math makes clear that without major effort and a good bit of luck, we are unlikely to control the growth of emissions enough to meet the standards that many climate scientists suggest are necessary. It is time to end the delusions and start thinking realistically about what can and will be done.",,0_0
"MP: Let's keep those spectacularly wrong predictions from the first Earth Day 1970 in mind when we're bombarded tomorrow with media hype, and claims like this from the 2015 Earth Day website:",,0_0
"The decline in polluting emissions, despite increases in urban summer air temperatures, is quite dramatic, as Joel illustrates in the figures below.",,0_0
"By clearly understanding how threats to our sovereignty arise, by making them politically important, and by holding our elected officials accountable, we can defend our sovereignty vigorously. But there is no time to waste.",,0_0
"We are dealing with environmental groups, the IPCC, and government leaders like Obama for whom the telling of huge and blatantly obvious lies about global warming is nothing compared to the billions generated by the hoax for the universities and scientists that line their pockets supporting it and industries that benefit by offering ways to capture carbon dioxide or conserve energy by first banning incandescent light bulbs.",,5_2
"Germany, which has prepared an energy plan for the next 100 years, is investing not only sulleolico and biogas, on clean coal, the energy source cheaper. Moreover, Germany, France and Britain, in addition to coal can enjoy dellenergia nuclear, after coal, the least expensive.",,0_0
"I rate a paragraph in Moranos article and report, which he fortunately accompanied with the disclaimer Note: Curry is not included in the count of dissenting scientists in this report.",,0_0
These omitted processes may well have important consequences for future African,,0_0
"With a r 2 of 0.00 between monthly CO2 and temperatures values, the UK climate records also confirm the legitimate dismissal of the argument that CO2 acts as a control knob"" - some type of global temperature thermostat that UN elite bureaucrats and national politicians thought they could just dial for a desired climate.""",,2_3
"Now, these and other projects appear unlikely to make the year-end deadline to potentially qualify for hundreds of millions of dollars in stimulus funds. If extensions aren't granted in the lame duck session of Congress, the future of many of these plans could be in doubt.",,0_0
"Academic freedom is the belief that the freedom of inquiry by faculty members is essential to the mission of the academy as well as the principles of academia, and that scholars should have freedom to teach or communicate ideas or facts (including those that are inconvenient to external political groups or to authorities) without being targeted for repression, job loss, or imprisonment. Academic freedom is a contested issue and, therefore, has limitations in practice.",,0_0
"During the Cold War, the Atlantic Alliance had two geographic pillars: the Brussels-based Allied Command-Europe (ACE) for continental affairs, the Norfolk-based Allied Command-Atlantic (ACLANT) for maritime affairs. From 1991 to 2001, the maritime dimension, once identified with the Atlantic, became confined to the Mediterranean (Operation Sharp Guard). Yet, despite the shrinking of the maritime dimension at the operational level, ACLANT continued, at the intellectual level, to deliver outside-the-box, yet topical thinking on issues like Multinational Naval Cooperation and Foreign Policy into the 21st Century.""24""",,0_0
Victory of the Denialists! says Robert Manne in The Monthly as his Gods of Science fail,,0_0
"AGW alarmists tell us that Arctic ice is melting because of global warming. So what happened 6,000 years ago , exactly?",,2_1
"Obama believes the president should lead a revolution in society, the economy, and the political system, but defer on national security and foreign policy to the other branches of government. This upends the Framers' vision of the presidency. They thought the chief executive's powers would expand broadly to meet external challenges while playing a modest role at home.",,0_0
"The data become relatively sparse prior to 1600, and are subject to uncertainties related to spatial completeness and interpretation making the results somewhat equivocal, e.g., less than 90 percent confidence. Achieving greater certainty as to the magnitude of climate variations before that time will require more extensive data and analysis.",,5_1
"Their explanation is a bit different from the prose I usually offer. They start by defining it by a single observer. One observer can't guarantee that a wormhole exists or not exists because the wormhole in ER=EPR is non-traversible so he would die before he would complete the test of its existence. More nontrivially, they discuss the attempt to measure the existence of the wormhole by two or many observers. They fail because they may only start to collect evidence about the existence of the entanglement if they also start to measure the detailed properties of the arrangement inside the would-be wormhole.",,0_0
"No matter what Zichal might say, climate policy will always be political, because so much money is at stake. What's troubling about the Obama administration's approach to carbon-dioxide issues, however, isn't the presence of politics. It's the absence of math.",,0_0
"FURTHER READING: Zycher also writes The Fact-free Opposition to Keystone XL,"" ""The Efficiency of a Carbon Tax: Broadly Accepted and Broadly Wrong,"" and ""The Climate Change Climate Keeps Changing, but the Carbon Tax Is Eternal."" Kenneth P. Green asks ""Can Obama Punt Keystone into 2016?"" Vaclav Smil presents ""Obama's Indefensible Pipeline Punt.""",,0_0
"Via Tom Nelson , this guy is certainly a fine example of enlightened scientific discourse:",,0_0
"held for millennia namely, that you increase food production by",,0_0
"The bottom line of those two quotes: ocean heat content data before the ARGO floats are of very limited value, and ocean heat content data based on ARGO floats are so riddled with problems they too are questionable.",,5_1
"* Americans support prioritizing energy development (47 percent) over protecting the environment (44 percent). This is a change from previous years, when more people prioritized the environment.",,0_0
"He says 2014 was the warmest year, but NASA belatedly admitted they were wrong about thatand the UK Met Office has now validated this centurys global warming hiatus. The yearly temperatures vary by such lilliputian margins even an Ellerslie photo-finish wouldnt separate them; its impossible to claim a record for 2014.",,1_4
"Most surface temperature measurements have been made over land, and primarily in inhabited regions. Measurements for the ocean, which covers three-quarters of the area of the globe, are sparse. Measurements from a single station are sometimes used to represent an area as large as a million square miles. Temperature records also have other biases that require correction. One important bias arises from the fact that recording sites in and near cities are subject to the urban-heat-island effect. These sites were originally in rural areas, but as more people moved in and the surrounding areas were developed, the local temperature may have increased for reasons unrelated to changes in atmospheric greenhouse gases.7",,5_1
"The Wild Jet Stream (Mini-Ice-Age) era we are now in has nothing whatsoever to do with CO2, says astrophysicist and forecaster Piers Corbyn.",,1_2
"FURTHER READING: Zycher also writes Would a Carbon Dioxide Tax be ""Efficient'?"" and ""Earth Day and Four Decades of Fear."" Kenneth Green describes ""The Continuing Failure of Green Conceit"" and takes on the task of ""Dissecting the Carbon Tax."" Mark J. Perry opines ""Natural Gas and Nuclear Power Need to Share the Lead in Power Generation for the Future"" and joins Thomas A. Hemphill to explain ""How Obama's Energy Policy Will Kill Jobs."" James Pethokoukis wonders if it's ""Time for the GOP to Take the Lead on Climate Change?"" while Andrew Rugg blogs about ""Natural Gas: The Free Agent of Energy Sources"" and Jonah Goldberg writes ""All (Green) Thumbs.""",,0_0
"Bottom line is that some parts of NOAA are completely FOS. 1936 was much more extreme than 2012, by any reasonable standard.",,0_0
"Utz Tillmann,Energy Intensive Industries of Germany, quoted in German Industry Issues Stark Warning Ahead of EU Climate Summit , EurActiv , October 22, 2014.",,0_0
"Freeman Dyson has followed the same path as myself, going from true believer in 1979 to skeptic in 2015.",,5_1
"Heres Junk Science on Judicial arrogance and misconduct and why the constitution should be inviolable, particularly against the whims of modern law school grads and their faculties.",,0_0
"Last years blizzard was bad timing, too. Temperatures were lower than usual, which caused what was supposed to be heavy rain to become heavy snow.",,0_0
"I've long thought that man-made carbon-dioxide emissions will raise global temperatures, but that this effect will not be amplified much by feedbacks from extra water vapor and clouds, so the world will probably be only a bit more than one degree Celsius warmer in 2100 than today.",,3_1
"Yet, as we learned in the 2008 election, young voters have the power to select a President. If their political choices are based on a lack of knowledge or even worse, on propaganda the nation is in peril.",,0_0
"All throughout the debate there is talk of the Global Average Temperature. But at its core, that very concept is broken. An average of temperatures is a bogus concept.",,5_1
"By Gil Ross, ACSH, Aug 7, 2015",,0_0
"There shouldn?t be someone else at UEA with different views [from recent""",,0_0
Click here to download Part 4 in PDF form,,0_0
"CHURCHVILLE, VAThe African Biofortified Sorghum project centered in South Africa, is striving to breed sorghum with extra lysine, vitamin A, iron, and zinc to help millions of African small farmers meet their families' nutritional needs. The project is funded by the Bill Gates Foundation, collaborating with Du Pont and Pioneer Hi-Bred Seeds. Unfortunately, the project has been unable to get South African regulatory approval for its field trials. The test planting will now have to be done in the U.S., though African trials would be a better test.",,0_0
"*Brace for Impacts, editorial (Nature, Vol. 508, April 3, 2014, p. 7) reports the release of IPCC WG-II report. Oddly, it doesnt mention the release of the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change (NIPCC), another sign of blatant bias, but oh well. The editorial repeats the highlights of the IPCC report without any critical thought, an unfortunate example of news release journalism common in the environment field. It ends with the obligatory call for more funding for researchers. The editors conflict of interest is so obvious it is blinding to everyone except the editors, and I suppose, and many of the researchers buy subscriptions to Nature.",,5_2
"Free speech has never been more comprehensively, aggressively and dangerously threatened than it is now. Todays attack is an attack on the theory of freedom of speech on the desirability of free speech and indeed on the very possibility of free speech.",,0_0
"In comparison, billions of dollars are spent on conservation and renewable energy, such as wind and solar, and in 2010 Congress discussed imposing trillions of dollars as taxes on carbon emissions. Yet geoengineering, which could obviate most of the need for carbon cuts and enable us to avoid lifestyle changes, gets a tiny sum.",,0_0
"When the new EPA administrator, Gina McCarthy, in testimony before a congressional committee in mid-January was asked by Sen. Jeff Sessions (AL-R) to confirm a statement made by President Obama last year that global temperatures were increasing faster in the last 5 or 10 years than climate scientists had predicted.",,0_0
The trends in the neutron count over the lastfew solar cycles strengthens the forecast of coming cooling made from projectingthe PDO and Millennial cycle temperature trends.The decline in solar activity from 1990 (Cycle 22) to the present (Cycle 24) is obvious.,,1_2
"These green dictators refuse to debate any of this.Indeed, they do not want anyone to talk about it.",,0_0
"Thank you, Mr. Obama and all you progressives out there, for turning yet another Independent into a Conservative!",,0_0
"Farmers in developing countries are clear-cutting rain forests to make room for arable land to grow crops and meet global demand. According to many scientists, these land-use changes result in massive emissions of greenhouse gases.",,0_0
"I swear, sometimes I think people have totally lost the plot. This is mental onanism of the highest order, to sit around and debate if something is culturally sustainable. Like I said ... lets get back to feeding the kids. Once thats done, we can debate if the way we fed them is culturally sustainable.",,0_0
"It threatens academic inquiry and excellence and assures mediocrity of content, conformity of thought.",,0_0
Several weeks after we submitted our contribution (included as PNASsubmission.pdf) we received the following email.,,0_0
"13. scientific answer to the question if and how much international technologies can contribute to the permanent and secure storage of CO2 in order to protect the climate ."" No, that is not working and unnecessary.""",,0_0
"Experts say such winds today would rip windows from skyscrapers and cause a deadly blizzard of flying glass, masonry, chairs, desks and other debris from high-rise offices and apartments. People would seek safety in subway tunnels, where they would drown as the tunnels flood.",,0_0
"In fact, as I told several members of the the editorial board in person a few weeks ago, and as first posted here at MasterResource, the global impact even assuming a perfect Waxman-Markey bill (a 83% emission reduction by 2050) would be less than one-tenth ofone degree Fahrenheit in that year . And that analysis, and the bills estimated substantial costs, have not been refuted . Pending further review, in fact, Waxman-Markey badly flunks conventional economic cost/benefit analysis.",,4_2
"More rational people, like Bob Tisdale, take the long term view and point out that sea surface temperature anomalies along Sandys track havent warmed in 70+ years , while Roger Pielke points out that there is no recent trend in US Hurricane Intensity from 1900-2012 ?? ???the last five years have been the ??? lowest period of landfalling hurricane intensity of any five-year period dating all the way back to 1900.?? Sandy apparently wasn??t an unprecedented record storm surge either ( Tropical Cyclone Mahina, Bathurst Bay, Australia in 1899, was). There have been plenty of worse storms.",,1_7
"All that is labeled data is not gold Schmidt 2006 Eos, Transactions American Geophysical Union Wiley Online Library",,0_0
"The tornado count excluding EF-0 was 412 last year, making it the 12th lowest year since 1970. (Although tornado records go back to 1950, many tornado experts, such as McCarthy & Schaeffer, regard the data prior to 1970 as unreliable).",,1_7
"The temperature T e is not necessarily the actual surface or atmospheric temperature of the planet;it is simply the equivalent blackbody emission temperature a planet requires to balance thesolar radiation that it absorbs. Using a value of a p = 0.31, we obtain from (12.1c) a value ofT e = 254 K. Note that this temperature is much less than the observed global mean surfacetemperature T 0 = 288 K. The difference between T e and T 0 arises from the emission ofthermal radiation by atmospheric gases and clouds at temperatures colder than T 0 .",,0_0
+ Corrections: High(+0:20 +1.50) Low(+0:20 -1.00),,0_0
"John didnt grow rice during the recent drought because while he had a water licence, he didnt have a water allocation.",,0_0
The article is Small cars get poor marks in collision tests and reads,,0_0
"The dumbest global warming story below claimed a 1000 year storm surge as proof of sea level rise and global warming. We already established that sea level isnt rising there, but there is another problem.",,1_6
"Thats what makes the major outbreaks of West Nile virus in the U.S. this summer so scary. So far, nearly 700 cases have been reported to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), including 26 deaths the biggest nationwide outbreak since 2004. The situation is particularly bad in and around Dallas, where the virus has killed 10 people and sickened more than 200 so far this summer. The city has declared a state of emergency and, for the first time in 45 years, has begun aerial spraying of pesticide to kill the mosquitoes that are the virus delivery system even in the face of residents heated concerns that the pesticide could be more dangerous than the disease. I cannot have any more deaths on my conscience because we failed to take action, Dallas Mayor Mike Rawlings told reporters recently.",,0_0
I agree with Nick that climate change might be a better labelling than global,,0_0
"Kevin of course being Trenberth himself. Now the believer crowd will see it as a cheap shot but Trenberth deserves this when he is centrally involved in an editors resignation. He may be correctly involved, but he has been caught over the line of reason in the past. The point here is, that for a senior editor to resign over an issue of disagreement indicates what is likely a huge amount of behind the scenes pressure on the editors to prevent publication. Even if the paper is truly horribly flawed, a resignation!!??? Come on. Why not wait for the retractions and publish those?",,5_2
"President Clinton stated that for the U.S. to do its part, we must first convince the American people that the climate change problem is real and imminent."" He promised to ""personally . . . take a role . . . so that our people understand why we must act."" He repeated the Administration's position that the industrialized nations must sign the treaty with binding emissions reductions and establish an international trading system for emission allowances.""",,0_0
"Has it got warmer since pre-1800 levels? This really depends on the time period referred to. Do they mean the Little Ice Age, when disastrously cold temperatures caused massive loss of life and untold hardship? Of course temperatures are now warmer than that desperate period in climate history. Is that what they would wish to regard as normal?",,2_1
Guess the chances of Rudd getting this through now in June are about zero.,,0_0
Measurements of world temperatures show world temperatures to have stalled with no significant warming since the nineties. IPCC climate models and real world temperatures have diverged and the Earth is cooler than projected.,,1_4
www.canberratimes.com .au/.../melting-runway-cuts-flights-to-antarct...,,0_0
These are just some of the things that climatologists have learned or have been proven wrong about in just the past year.,,0_0
"Imagine turning your car's steering wheel, or giving it a gentle tug, and having it break away from the steering column. Now you're speeding along holding the suddenly useless wheel.",,0_0
"Hes like a delinquent schoolboy whos left a trail of destruction behind, culminating in burning down the school. And then hes all defiant, like: What? What did I do wrong?",,0_0
"Thats our take, because its the only one that seems internally consistent. But, if somehow we are wrong (a rare event), then greenhouse warming is over, as the sensitivity of the earths temperature to carbon dioxide has been grossly overestimated. Believe us, wed like to hope the latter is correct, but we have to call things in the most logical fashion.",,3_1
"One reason this cannot be contemplated is that it would involve giving up the urgent sense of crisis that still fuels too much of the environmental movement. This is leading to the slow trivialization and marginalization of environmentalism as a general public concern. Serious environmentaliststhe laboratory scientists, field biologists, and local conservationists doing the nitty-gritty and uncelebrated work to solve environmental problems one at a timeshould not stand for this cheap grandstanding. It may be, as WRI's Allan Hammond says, that no serious environmental institution subscribes today"" to Ehrlich-Speth-Limits to Growth doomsaying, but if so why do most environmental leaders decline to rebuke this kind of sensationalism and the diminishing effect it has on taking environmental problems seriously?""",,0_0
There is no systematic causal relationship between carbon dioxide levels and climate change simply because the greenhouse conjecture is not based on real world physics.,,2_3
"The U.S. State Department released its draft report on the proposed pipeline (Full report here) concluding that the pipeline will have little impact on the climate or the environment, but building it will create a jobs bonanza.",,0_0
Satellite data shows that Arctic Sea ice extent is now the greatest for mid-June since at least 2005.,,1_1
"Allowing this flaw in judgment to stand would set an unworkable precedent for future elections and cause irreparable harm to the impartiality of this court, said Chief Justice John G. Roberts in his majority opinion. Furthermore, let me be the first to personally congratulate President Gore on his remarkable come-from-behind victory. May he guide us wisely into this new millennium. Added Roberts, The system works. Moments after the courts noontime announcement, Gore was flown to Washington, D.C. aboard Air Force One, sworn in on the steps of the U.S. Capitol, and immediately escorted to a brief victory rally at the National Mall. By 4:30 p.m., his 15 cabinet appointees had been vetted, contacted, and brought to Washington, where they were all simultaneously approved by a majority vote in the Senate. Gore then delivered the first of seven consecutive State of the Union addresses. .",,0_0
"Move Polar thermometers onto airports, often military bases, and they warm up. Add a bunch of thermometers at tropical airports and you measure an increasing average of temperatures.",,5_1
"So first and foremost, perhaps you ought to start running an education campaign on how to be self reliant? Add in some nice old fashioned free markets and the place would be humming with power generation and clean up crews. Think with a public announcement that for 3 months anyone could do business in those areas without a license might encourage a few thousand unemployed folks with gloves, shovels and pickup trucks to drive in with a truck bed full of generators, gasoline, and stoves /food?",,0_0
"The EPA's dereliction of duty also leads to bad policy. For starters, it is the sine qua non of sue and settle."" The Clean Air Act empowers environmental litigation groups to sue the agency to compel performance of non-discretionary duties like deadlines. Because the agency is missing virtually all of its deadlines, winning these suits is like shooting fish in a barrel. The unfortunate consequence is that environmental special interests dictate which duties should take precedence over others, which affords these groups the power to set the agency's agenda. Needless to say, unelected ideologues should not have such an outsized say in how the EPA spends its limited resources.""",,0_0
The South Carolina Supreme Court heard arguments yesterday regarding a 2006 case involving a home poker tournament. The discussion centers on whether the state's gaming laws were violated and/or whether poker is a game of skill or chance.,,0_0
"This article was written on October 31 and updated November 3, before the ???Climategate?? CRU email scandal broke, and it is all the more pertinent in the light of those disclosures. The CRU emails show how science has been perverted into a political movement, and how scientists conspired to serve a ???post-normal?? agenda where truth is trampled ??? exactly as the proponents of ???post-normal?? science had anticipated. With the association between ???post-normal?? science developed by Ravetz and its application in climate science by Hulme now widely exposed by this present post, Ravetz and Hulme jointly authored an article, published by the BBC on December 1, entitled ???Show Your Working': What ???ClimateGate?? means in which they sought to promote post-normal science further by capitalizing on the public disgust at the corruption of ???normal?? science. This is cynical because normal science was corrupted by covertly introducing post-normal activities in the first place.",,5_2
"The irony is that the Supreme Court, which jealously guards against any hint of a religious symbol on public property lest a religion be established, has gone a long way toward making the Earth Cult the official religion of the United States.",,5_2
"Last week, London's Daily Express featured a story titled: Blackout Britain: EU environmental directive puts millions at risk of power cuts""which concluded with the following: ""We are facing disaster on energy prices. The dynamic has changed, but the thinking hasn't.""",,0_0
"Mad as it may sound, Danish researchers have announced a theory that may not only explain why people all over the world are getting fatter and fatter, but also warn of the serious consequences for life on Earth of continued pollution of the atmosphere by CO2 emissions. In itself, the theory is quite simple: CO2 contributes to making us fat.",,0_0
"Previous attempts to explain the global surface temperature cooling trend have relied more heavily on climate model results or a combination of modeling and observations, which may be better at simulating long-term impacts over many decades and centuries. This study relied on observations, which are better for showing shorter-term changes over 10 to 20 years.",,1_4
QUOTE OF THE WEEK - NY Top Court Upholds Lap Dance Tax,,0_0
"Trying to prevent skeptics from seeing the raw data was always a questionable strategy, scientifically. Now it looks like dubious public relations, too.",,0_0
"The federal Corporate Average Fuel Economy standards, enacted in the wake of the mid-1970s oil shocks, require each auto maker's annual output of new cars to meet a set fuel economy level. The current passenger-car CAFE standard is 27.5 miles per gallon; for light trucks, the standard is a more lenient 20.7 mpg.",,0_0
"It started in 2008, when Chesapeake funded an unsigned Dirty Coal advertising campaign. It featured black and white photos of children, with coal smudged faces, looking sad. Having set the table with anti coal propaganda, McClendon then teamed up with the Sierra Clubs Carl Pope to implement a legislative strategy. The pair traveled around the country, pitching natural gas as the bridge fuel to a green energy future.",,0_0
"(a) Concerning ICCC-7, we set a record for the number of cosponsors (60), 12 speakers asked to speak after only 2 withdrew, and the mood was decidedly upbeat. Opponents (including Forecast the Facts and Occupy Wall Street) promised to disrupt the conference and failed utterly fewer than 50 people showed up for their rallies. Those who did show up wore boots on their heads and refused Christopher Moncktons invitation to debate.",,0_0
"Boone : This would be the case frequently. And it would rarely achieve its rated capacity, producing most at times of least demand. Whatever it generated would be continuously skittering, intensifying, magnifying the destabilizing effects of demand fluctuations, for wind volatility is virtually indistinguishable from the phenomenon of people whimsically turning their appliances off and on. But wind fluctuations are in addition to those of demand, and even more volatileboth on a minute-by-minute basis and at wide scale, where whole days can pass with wind production at less than 10% of its rated capacity.",,4_4
"The public is susceptible to scare tactics: Silent Spring, byRachel Carson, published in September of 1962, helped to start the environmental movement. A marine biologist, Carson documented the detrimental effects of pesticides on the environment, which led to the banning of DDT here in the U.S. and millions of deathsin malaria-prone countries.",,0_0
"231 km (144 miles) ENE (70) from Lae, New Guinea, PNG",,0_0
?Every day nearly 16.000 children die from hunger and related causes.?,,0_0
Sierra Rayne performs a complex economic analysis/comparison on Northeastern Carbon trends. He hit on something.,,0_0
"Yes, it is a whole new world when it comes to the Climate Debate"" and the Canadian Senate has reflected this sea change by striking down a bill that in the words of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, ""sets irresponsible targets, does not lay out any measure of achieving them, other than by shutting down sections of the Canadian economy and throwing hundreds of thousands and possibly millions of people out of work.""",,0_0
"Every presidential candidate is going to come into the 2012 race with baggage. But Newt Gingrich has what, for primary voters, could be a doozy in his closet three years ago, he cut an ad with Nancy Pelosi for Al Gore's climate change group.",,0_0
THE SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES FOR THE REST OF THE WORLD HAVE WARMED,,0_0
"But, guidance isnt entirely lacking on the climate front. There is still a general lack of evidence that shows a statistically significant relationship between anthropogenic climate change and weather-related damage (estimates of past, present, and future damages are grossly dominated by demographic changes rather than climate changes). And the rise in global temperature is poking along at a rather less-than-anticipated rate (which could mean that future rates of model-projected temperature increase are on the high side). Together, this suggests that we ought be giving a bit more credence to the left side of the Table (i.e. relatively low damages from global warming) than to the right side (i.e., higher damages).",,0_0
But warmth and sunshine was close at hand-- you just needed to gain about 1000 ft.,,0_0
"They are building the so-called Summit Bridge that makes them uniters, not dividers"" (you can see that they like George W. Bush) and the police decided not to bother them in the forbidden area .""",,0_0
"Question 1 (for Pederson): Karl Popper has written: A theory that is not refutable by any conceivable event is not scientific."" What empirical evidence would it take for you to consider the anthropogenic warming hypothesis to be refuted?""",,0_0
"Last, according to Chen and Tung (2014), hiatus periods due to the sequestration of ocean heat to depth in the Atlantic and Southern Oceans can last 20 to 35 years. And they note the current hiatus period has already lasted 15 years. That indicates weve got another 5 to 20 years more to go with the current hiatus.",,1_4
"This Monday, Americans celebrated Presidents Day. Of course, the holiday is scheduled around George Washington's birthday. In RealClearMarkets this week, CEI Director of the Center for Investors and Entrepreneurs John Berlau explained why George Washington should be remembered not only as our first president, but as a truly brilliant entrepreneur. Read the full piece here.",,0_0
"???The reality of these key points is not just our opinion. The national academies of science of 32 nations, and every major scientific organization in the United States whose members include climate experts, have issued statements endorsing these points. The entire faculty of the Department of Atmospheric Sciences at Texas A&M; as well as the Climate System Science group at the University of Texas have issued their own statements [ here and here ) endorsing these views. In fact, to the best of our knowledge, there are no climate scientists in Texas who disagree with the mainstream view of climate science.??",,5_1
"Irish environment minister and council president Martin Cullen insisted at a post-council press conference that ministers remained united in their absolutely determined commitment to the Kyoto protocol and that there had been no debate about alternatives to the global pact. But he implicitly acknowledged the reservations being expressed: some aspects of Kyoto seem insurmountable in the short-term time frame, he said, but the long-term economics benefits in prompting energy-efficiency were clear.",,0_0
The first lawsuits against drug maker Merck alleging harm from the painkiller Vioxx are going forward.,,0_0
Their real agenda was disclosed in a Climatic Research Unit (CRU) leaked email dated December 2007 from senior writer Richard Littlemore to Michael Mann.,,5_2
"was the election one of change or of continuity, both in party and public mood;",,0_0
US study busts energy myths: US doesn't depend on Mideast oil,,0_0
"Sports and gallantries, the stage, the arts, the antics of dancers,",,0_0
"assembling and testing software, green screen technology, and lighting intended to turn my home office into a mini broadcast studio (2014 is the year I try to learn to love video)",,0_0
way he uses the quotation ignores the entire point of the article. For,,0_0
"Growth skepticism presents a flawed but powerful assault on prosperity. It is enormously influential across the developed world, including among America's political leaders. It must be examined and understood if it is to be effectively challengedespecially as we are threatened with a new age of austerity.",,0_0
"The devil, as they say is in the details. In each of the steps there is some leeway for, shall we say, intervention. The early criticisms of Mann et al.??s analyses were confined to relatively minor points about the presence of autocorrelated errors, linear specification, etc. But a funny thing happened on the way to Copenhagen: a couple of Canadian researchers, McIntyre and McKitrick , found that when they ran simulations of ???red noise?? random principal components data into Mann??s reconstruction model, 99% of the time it produced the same hockey stick pattern . They attributed this to Mann??s method / time frame for selecting of principal components.",,5_1
"The costly cap-and-trade energy bill supported by Obama would lead to big tax increases , administration officials privately have conceded , even though they publicly claim otherwise. Officials at the Treasury Department think cap-and-trade legislation would cost taxpayers hundreds of billion in taxes, according to internal documents circulated within the agency and provided to The Washington Times by CEI . It could raise household taxes by $1761 per year , equivalent to a 15 percent tax increase. It would also result in loss of steel, paper, aluminum, chemical, and cement manufacturing jobs. (Obama earlier admitted that under my plan of a cap and trade system, electricity rates would necessarily skyrocket .)",,4_1
"Dr Pachauri said that the IPCCs report was the responsibility of the panels former co-chairs, British scientist Dr Martin Parry and Argentine meteorologist Dr Osvaldo Canziani.",,0_0
H1112 5.8 H1206 6.0 L0648 0.7 L0730 0.7 L0809 0.8 L0844 0.8 L0918 0.8,,0_0
"Distances 335 km (210 miles) WNW of Chichi-shima, Bonin Islands, Japan",,0_0
"Technically recoverable energy resources on these onshore and offshore lands total 1,194 billion barrels of oil and 2,150 trillion cubic feet of natural gas, Institute for Energy Research analyst Daniel Simmons noted in congressional testimony . At $100 per barrel of oil and $4 per thousand cubic feet of gas, those resources are worth $128 trillion ! Developing them could generate some $150 billion in bonuses, rents and royalties over the next ten years alone plus billions more in local, state and federal tax revenues, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Using those CBO numbers, an IER study concluded:",,4_5
"Over at HuffPo, the founder of DeSmogBlog tries to divert attention from the collapsing consensus"" on global warming by saying that it's all the fault of a decades-long ""climate confusion campaign"" waged by, among others, the Competitive Enterprise Institute. While it is nice of him to give us the credit for the good sense of the American people, his Scooby Doo-style ""if it wasn't for those meddling kids"" argument actually represents the real attempt to muddy the waters.""",,5_1
melt being due to recent warming (let alone man-made warming)?,,0_0
Plant Growth Database (8 January 2015),,0_0
"I chose the lectures title largely in reaction to the sanctimonious tone employed by so many of those who advocate quite substantial, and costly, responses to what they see as irrefutable evidence that the worlds climate faces catastrophe, against people who do not share their view. To them the cause has become a substitute religion.",,5_2
Ice cores reveal that CO2 levels rise and fall hundreds of years after temperatures change,,2_3
"The second implication is an odd one, and quite important. Consider the fact that their temperature change hindcast (in degrees) is simply 0.3 times the forcing change (in watts per meter squared). But that is also a statement of the climate sensitivity, 0.3 degrees per W/m2. Converting this to degrees of warming for a doubling of CO2 gives us (0.3C per W/m2) times (3.7 W/m2 per doubling of CO2), which yields a climate sensitivity of 1.1C for a doubling of CO2 . This is far below the canonical value given by the GISSE modelers, which is about 0.8C per W/m2 or about 3C per doubling.",,3_1
A virtual Green Army has been deliberately deceiving and misleading the citizens of planet Earth for four and a half decades.,,5_2
"Hans Bader, senior attorney at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, told The Washington Times there is no better proof that Obama is failing in his vow to run the most transparent government in American history than the fact that three judges have ordered discovery against his administration.",,0_0
The IPCC has decided to discount the global warming standstill since 1997 asirrelevant and has deleted from its final document its original acknowledgement (in its 7 June draft) that climate models have failed toreproduce the observed reduction in surface warming trend over the last10-15 years.,,1_4
"So the first question is whether the proxy records Mann chose are reliable indicators of temperature. Some have been questioned. He has a series from central China that we believe is more a moisture signal than a temperature signal, says Jacoby. He included it because he had a gap. That was a mistake and it made tree ring people angry.",,5_1
CEI Expert Available for Comment: Director of Global Warming & International Environmental Policy Myron Ebell on the need for reform of the Endangered Species Act.,,0_0
"Right now we are near the solar minimum, but neutron counts are still increasing. The current science says that if we had passed solar minimum, neutron counts should be decreasing.",,0_0
"Here is the trick - the signal which was just the pixel brightness component is essentially identical to the old black and white TV signal -- after all, a black and white signal is just the relative brightness of each pixel. So they took a black and white signal and then added bandwidth so that there was more information if one had a color set. Both technologies, old and new, worked from the same signal.",,0_0
"Though climate models have proved to be an obvious inconvenient truth, alarmists continue to ignore this elephant in the room.",,5_1
"Under Kyoto, 37 nations and the European Union agreed to cut greenhouse gases by a total 5.2 percent by 2012. Those countries are on target to meet their obligations, but some of them have balked about accepting more mandatory cuts after 2012.",,0_0
"That is not ethical. It is intolerant and totalitarian. It is arrogant, immoral, lethal, and racist.",,0_0
"Another obligation to posterity is not to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs. Federal monetary and housing policies destabilized financial markets in 2008 , entitlement spending imperils Americas very solvency ,carbon taxes or their regulatory equivalentcould inflict huge job and GDP losses by makingaffordable energy costly and scarce, and thegreen crusade against coal mining , hydraulic fracturing , unconventional oil ,and energy exports threatens one of the few bright spots in the economy today.Posterity willnot thank us if policymakers foolishly try to tax, spend, and regulate America back to prosperity.",,4_1
"As Arrhenius predicted, both carbon dioxide levels and temperatures increased from 19001999. However, carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased much more quickly than he expected, but the Earth hasn't warmed as much as he thought it would. (Graphs by Robert Simmon, based on data from NOAA and the Goddard Institute for Space Studies)",,2_3
"Jiang et al . conclude that their comparative analyses suggest that current GCMs/RCMs do not adequately capture multi-scale temporal variability of precipitation,"" and, therefore, they say that ""using GCM/RCM output to conduct future flood projections is not creditable.""",,5_1
"Paul Martin signaled Thursday that Canadians will pay whatever price necessary to keep his corrupt Liberal government in power. With pre-election bribery of the cities and other useful fools at over $8 billion and rising, Martin is now promising to send the Canadian Armed Forces into harms way to corral David Kilgour's vote. CBC:",,0_0
"The ad targeted Missouri Senator Claire McCaskil (D), a mother, who had co-sponsored the legislation that would check EPA. Over images of a woman smoking while she gives birth, a narrator intones:",,0_0
"Although this paper confirmed the findings of a massive amount of previous research that the Medieval Warming generated higher temperatures than the current warming, the IPCC instead conferred star status to the statistically-tortured 'hockey stick' graph, which showed the previous warming to be less than the current era, and then was subsequently found to be without credible merit - a statistical travesty.",,5_1
India threatens Wind farms with fines. They must accurately predict the wind a day in advance or else!,,0_0
"No scalable"" alternative fuels currently exist to replace fossil fuels. To avoid the economic, social, environmental, and human health catastrophes that would follow the elimination of hydrocarbons, we would need affordable, reliable options on a big enough scale to replace the fuels we rely on today. The divestment movement ignores the enormity of current and future global energy needs (met and unmet), and the fact that existing ""renewable"" technologies cannot possibly meet those requirements.""",,4_4
Hope all is well with you and all the best to all. Glad you enjoyed the paper.,,0_0
"Alcohols like ethanol and its chemical cousins make effective fuels because they give off a lot of energy when burned, just as liquid fossil fuels do. The advantage of alcohol is that it is liquid at room temperature, which makes it easy to transport and handle.",,0_0
"A new Gallup Poll to measure the public's attitudes towards global warming has found that a plurality of the public, 40 percent, are either only a little"" or ""not at all"" worried about global warming. Twenty nine percent said they are worried a ""fair amount"" and another 29 percent said they are worried a ""great deal.""",,0_0
"The diagram below summarizes my estimates of how much deflation would be required to yield the observations all measurements are based on the Non-Logo gauge, which was calibrated as being relatively close to the Master Gauge. Theres a lot of information in the diagram (and Ill post a script deriving the diagrams as documentation). In each panel, Ive converted pressures to ball temperature using the Ideal Gas Law. This facilitates direct comparison of information from Colt balls to Patriot balls. Ive also shown a negative exponential corridor from the upper and lower Colt measurements to halftime temperatures for dry and wet footballs. The corridor is presented here as a rough-and-ready but plausible guide.",,0_0
"We are not merely holding a counter-protest, Epstein said, ""we are holding a counter-education. Everyone wearing a yellow Light Brigade shirt will be ready to provide hard facts and debunk propaganda. Our passion for energy will be on full display.""",,0_0
"As two further examples of selection bias from Thomas et. al. plants, the World Wildlife Federation estimates there are 80,000 plant species in the Amazon region (nobody really knows). Thomas et. al. selected 9 (but did not say which 0.01%), and modeled a 69-87% extinction risk for those. Those estimates became part of the simple plant averages for all 4 regions. Thomas et. al. selected 243 out of roughly 400 species of South African Proteaceae (afrikanns suikerbossie or sugarbushes, of which there are 80 generi and roughly 1600 species worldwide including the familiar macadamia nut). South African Proteaceae grow mainly in a specialized Cape Hope ecosystem known as the Fynbos, which covers just 6.7% of South Africa. The Queensland EBA trick was also applied to plants.",,5_1
"Today, the goals of electric utility regulation bear little resemblance to the traditional aim of preventingmonopoly abuse. Public utility regulation is now thevehicle for a host of special interest social experiments at the expense of the diffuse interests of the consumers who will have to pay for any failures in these flights of fancy, both in terms of quality of service and its costs.",,4_1
"Richard Epstein describes how classical liberals should think about environmental protection, addresses arguments that the debate over global warming is over, and explains the controversial legal process that allowed the Environmental Protection Agency to regulate carbon emissions.",,0_0
"Now consider what I wrote in that introductory portion from my upcoming book: Its very obvious why the change in the ocean heat content is very important to the hypothesis of human-induced global warming. If the oceans could be shown to have warmed naturally, then the impacts of manmade greenhouse gases are much smaller than claimed by climate scientists.",,2_1
"Pondering the difficulties involved in cutting back on energy use led us to an offshoot of the energy literature pertaining to indirect energy usethat is, the energy embedded in virtually everything we buy. An example of this is the manufacturing and sale of a simple cotton t-shirt. Energy is required to grow and harvest the cotton; transport it to a factory; make, package, and transport the chemicals used to bleach, dye, or condition the cotton; run the machines on which the t-shirt is processed; create packaging materials; ship the t-shirt to the store; and keep the heat and lights on in the store. This is distinct from direct energy consumption, like using gasoline to run our cars, oil to heat our houses, or electricity to keep our televisions on.",,0_0
Inhofe: Senate Will Vote in Next Two Weeks on Effort to Stop Obama War on Coal,,0_0
"This brings us to the what John L. Casey, founder of the Space and Science Research Corporation, (SSRC), an independent scientific research organization in Orlando, says about the forthcoming November 30 to December 15 U.N. climate conference in Paris which he describes as ?doomed? and that?s the good news.",,0_0
"a comprehensive, well-written, and highly interesting book. I strongly recommend it to all atmospheric scientists, to students in the atmospheric sciences, and to those in the environmental sciences interested in understanding weather and climate issues. Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society",,0_0
"Nothing new in my talk; I focused on the data, why scientists disagree, and emphasized that there was a lot of disagreement inside of the so-called 97%.",,5_1
Lets return to the quote from the introduction of Trenberth et al. (2014) Earths Energy Imbalance :,,0_0
"A hoax is a deceptive act intended to hoodwink people through deliberate misinformation, including factual omissions. My book is about the latter. (And by the way, it can be ordered through primary vendors, and is currently being featured on new releases"" tables at 200 major Barnes and Noble stores.)""",,0_0
"At some point, the climate became cooler and the actual trees were snapped at the stump level, then buried in the glacier's ice for centuries. Finally, the stumps were revealed as the climate returned to warmer temperatures in the rebound from the Little Ice Age.",,2_1
"Insecurity Blanket: Greens Preparing Kinder, Gentler Guilt Campaign",,0_0
"The conclusion of tree ring reconstruction of climate for the past 1000 years is that we are now in the hottest period in modern history, ever.",,0_0
"Finally, lets take a look at global sea ice area, which has been running above average for most of this year.",,1_1
GDP loss of $146 billion in 2030,,0_0
"In fact, he later admitted this bleaching had a minimal impact and his team was genuinely surprised/relieved about how quickly some of these coral colonies had recovered. In 2007, he warned temperature changes were again bleaching the reef.",,3_2
Hansen is the politicized NASA climate scientist who virtually invented the global warming issue in the broiling summer of 1988 when he was the star doomsayer at Senate hearings called by Al Gore.,,5_2
"In 2011, almost 40 percent of the giant U.S. corn crop went into making ethanol, and the United States still exported more than half of all corn shipments worldwide.",,0_0
"Compliance costs from thousands of regulationspouring out from over 60 departments, agencies, and commissionsamounted to $1.17 trillion in 2008. The federal government spends another $49.1 billion just to administer and enforce its rules. This figure is on par with federal income tax revenues ($1.2 trillion) and Canada's entire 2006 GDP ($1.265 trillion).",,0_0
"But they fail to recognize that there may be a volcanic heat source as well such as the volcanic mountain range comprising much ofthe Antarctic Peninsula, including volcanoes such as the Seal Nunataksaround the Larsen Ice shelf and under theRoss Ice Shelf here .",,2_1
"Dr Pachauris father studied for a doctorate in educational psychology at the University of London while his mother, according to Dr Pachauris home page, educated and provided her son with the high standards that have enabled him to cope with his ever-increasing workload.",,0_0
"Recently, a college in Vermont found several students had repeated the same error on exam papers. The misinformation was traced to Wikipedia, and the college outlawed the site for its students' use.",,0_0
"The snowstorms that ground the nation's capital to a halt only underscored the need for bold action to fight global warming. Heavier, more frequent snowstorms are just what scientists predict in a warming world, as extreme weather events - whether blizzards or heat waves - become more common.",,0_0
22 views of the global albedocomparison between 20 GCMs and two satellites,,0_0
"For some reason that will perhaps fascinate the palaeo-sociologists of the far future, in what is supposed to be the Age of Reason and Enlightenment anyone who wants to declare his support for the New Superstition of catastrophic manmade global warming"" can make stuff up, exaggerate beyond all reason, and menace the infidel with death for crimes against humanity, and no one bats an eyelid.""",,0_0
Will the Presidents Clean Power Plan save consumers money?,,0_0
"Even cutting it down to 1825 start date is a bit large. Notice that the trend of the blade on our little hockey stick tries to get a lift in trend, but our recent cool spate and sleepy sun have quashed it. Unless you measure from a cherry picked baseline, there is no warming. Everything is substantially like it has been in the past. We did have some cold times, but weve had warm times too. 100 year weather changes. 30 year climate is an oxymoron.",,2_1
"14 W. H. Soon, E. S. Posmentier, and S. L. Baliunas, Inference of solar irradiance variability from terrestrial temperature changes, 1880-1993: An astrophysical application of the sun-climate connection, Astrophysical Journal 472, 891 (1996). Although change in the sun?s brightness is the simplest proposed mechanism for affecting terrestrial global temperature, the sun?s output comes in many wavelengths; it also emits energetic particles. Both the sun?s light and particles vary in time, space, and frequency. Components of the earth?s climate system may respond to different aspects of the sun?s diverse energy outflows.",,2_1
"NSW Councils (e.g. Gosford, quoting the best international scientists including CSIRO and ANU) in 1995 was advising residents with water front properties that by 2015 (20 years-time) sea levels would rise by 6 metres. This is 300mm per year. Error to date is 17,647%",,0_0
"Paris To Test Banning Gas-Guzzlers (Yes, SUVs!) In City Core:",,0_0
Gore Win a Sad Day for Nobel Legacy,,0_0
"The three Japanese researchers report that plant dry weight increased monotonically with each increase in CO 2 , to where the CO 2 -induced increase in plant shoot dry weight in the 10,000 ppm environment was 274% greater than that in ambient air at 45??C and 286% greater than that in ambient air at 60??C, while plant root dry weight in the 10,000 ppm environment was 5,533% greater than that in ambient air at 45??C and 4,960% greater than that in ambient air at 60??C. What it means",,3_3
"Let's look at the numbers. As I wrote in these pages on June 3, the EPA's proposal aims to cut U.S. carbon dioxide emissions by about 720 million tons over the next 16 years. But that reduction will amount to a drop in the global carbon dioxide bucket. According to the new BP numbers, in 2013 alone, global CO2 emission rose by 630 million tons. In other words, in one year, global CO2 emissions rose by nearly 90 percent of the reductions being proposed by the EPA.",,0_0
"To extend the analysis, I have decided to show results of hypotheses test to determine whether the IPCC best estimate for the trend in GMST during the next three century, published in the AR4, is consistent with observation for the GMST measured after the projections were made.",,0_0
"Inadequacies of modeling the Hadley Cell, a major mechanism in producing global weather and climate, are enough to invalidate the models and cause the failed predictions. The IPCC claim that, Most of the observed increase in global average temperatures since the mid-20th century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic GHG concentrations. In IPCC jargon Very likely means more than 90 percent certain, but inadequate modeling of the Hadley Cell alone makes that a false claim.",,5_1
"Conrad Black; About 70% of the American deficit is bought directly or through the banking system by the Treasurys 100% subsidiary, the Federal Reserve, and the minimal interest paid on it is recycled back through the Federal Reserve to the Treasury, so the cost of borrowing is zero. It is the ultimate Ponzi scheme, the fiscal nirvana of endless, mountainous debt, rendered easily bearable because it doesnt cost anything. It is a fraud, a mirage. It all possesses the hypnotic allure of the Gotterdammerung as the Gods ascend to a burning Valhalla. If this administration is re-elected, Canada, as it has for the entire mighty spectacle of the inexorable rise of the United States, will have the ring-side seat for a disaster.",,0_0
Then I will follow up with observations which run counter to his (and his co-authors) claim that an increase in ocean surface wind-driven mixing has caused the recent lack of global warming.,,1_4
"The return of China alone would be enough to make the West live in interesting times."" To make things even more interesting, Islam too is back, this time in the form of a totalitarianism which manages to combine an ideological comprehensiveness (Salafism) unseen since Communism and an existential nihilism (jihadism) worthy of Nazism. A generation ago, the post-Vatican II Catholic world finally espoused the 20th century, and the Church went on to play a critical role in the collapse of communism; meanwhile, under the increasing influence of Wahhabism, the Muslim world was going in the opposite direction, and this great leap backward brought them back to the 14th century.40 If the Saudi caliphate does not soon undertake its own Vatican II, chances are the Muslim world will never make it back to the 21st century.""",,0_0
IPCC Third Assessment Report Climate Change 2001 Complete online versions | GRID-Arendal Publications Other,,0_0
"Martin Hoerling of NOAA on Sandy: ???As to underlying causes, neither the frequency of tropical or extratropical cyclones over N. Atlantic are projected to appreciably change due to climate change?? ??? U.S. Govt Scientist Hoerling: ???Nor have there been indications of a change in their statistical behavior over this region in recent decades??",,1_7
"Catarina Ostlund, a spokeswoman for the Swedish Environmental Protection Agency, said officials have come concerns about importing garbage.",,0_0
"This was a rather startling thing to say, especially as his own programme did not conclude that the warmists are right and the sceptics wrong. In fact he appeared to be saying he would give up his freedom just in case the warmists are right.",,0_0
<3655> Singer/WWF:,,0_0
Alternative-Fuel Cars Flood Auto Show,,0_0
"Similarly, legislation on energy efficiency standards is moving forward after agreement by Sens. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, and Jeanne Shaheen, D-N.H. That's not an earthshaking issue, but it's one of those issues on which Congress needs to keep laws up to date in light of experience and technological developments.",,0_0
"By reference to the First and Second Laws of Thermodynamics, skeptics argue that the Earths actual heat transfer occurs not just by radiation alone, a minor player, but also by conduction (contact) and convection (fluid movement). The atmosphere gives off excess heat mainly by conduction and convection because:",,2_3
"5. The NAS said Mann downplayed the uncertainties of the published reconstructions...Even less confidence can be placed in the original conclusions by Mann et al. (1999) that the 1990s are likely the warmest decade, and 1998 the warmest year, in at least a millennium.""",,5_1
the panic-evoking extinction-predicting paradigms of the past are rapidly giving way to the realization they bear little resemblance to reality. Earths plant and animal species are not slip-sliding away even slowly into the netherworld of extinction that is preached from the pulpit of climate alarmism as being caused by CO2-induced global warming.,,3_2
"If now, and one can calculate this very easily, in the next 30, 40 years, with 2C of warming this will with certainty happen, um, when these large glaciers disappear for the most part, these rivers will dry up in the summertime. And in winter, this is the other side of the story, the precipitation will fall as rain in the valley; that means the floods will be far more dramatic, no?",,0_0
"They found, 60 birds and mammals are known to have become extinct between 1900 and 1950,"" ""actual extinctions remain low many species appear to have either an almost miraculous capacity for survival, or a guardian angel watching over their destiny,"" and not ""a single known animal species could be properly declared as extinct, in spite of the massive reduction in area and fragmentation of their habitats in the past decades and centuries of intensive human activity."" (Simon, Scarcity or Abundance, pp. 200-202)""",,3_2
"The Armagh Observatory in Northern Ireland has monitored and recorded the number of storms with gale winds since 1796, with a short period in the early 1800s (1825 to 1833) during which data is not available or incomplete. The record is available here: http://climate.arm.ac.uk/publications/The Storminess Record from Armagh Observatory Dr4.pdf Appendix 4 starts on page 80 and lists the Seasonal Distribution of Gales from Weather Diary at Armagh Observatory 1796-2000. The following four graphs illustrate the seasonal gales per year from 1796 to 2000. All four graphs show an increase in storms from the early 20th Century to the mid to late 20th Century. But then the frequency of gales decreases as global temperatures continues to rise.",,1_7
His explanation doesnt work. Last winter showed the same weather pattern yet sea ice extent was the highest in years and had the latest peak on record.,,1_1
"A directive took effect this week ordering wind farms with a capacity of 10 megawatts or more to forecast their generation in 15-minute blocks for the following day. Missing estimates by more than 30 percent will incur penalties. Forecasting at 15-minute intervals is very challenging, and could cost a 100-megawatt farm an estimated 250 million rupees ($4.2 million) a year, Tata Power said in an e-mailed response to questions. Developers will see this as a further handicap and penalties will jeopardize the industrys growth, the nations second-biggest developer said.",,0_0
"By Dr. Vincent Gray, Jun 5, 2015",,0_0
"be particularly important.The CAM-SP shows strongly negative net cloud feedback in boththe tropics and in the extratropics, resulting in a global climatesensitivity of only 0.41 K/(W m-2) , at the low end of traditionalAGCMs (e.g. Cess et al. 1996), but in accord with an analysis of 30-day SST/SST+2K climatologies from a global aquaplanet CRM runon the Earth Simulator (Miura et al. 2005). The conventional AGCMsdiffer greatly from each other but all have less negative net cloudforcings and correspondingly larger climate sensitivities than the",,3_1
"Former Vice President Al Gore was at his peak when the film An Inconvenient Truth"" made its initial Hollywood splash. Faith in man-made global warming had never been more widespread, with liberal academics and media subjecting to ridicule any who dared question the ""settled science."" Only a fool could deny that elevated carbon-dioxide levels had melted ice caps and stranded polar bears on rapidly diminishing ice floes.""",,0_0
"Under the bottom line: sea level risehas been pretty much constant over the last 80 years. Using the same rate, sea level can be projected to rise only 20 30 cm by the year 2100.",,1_6
"The point being that despite large increases in outflow, the lake level has been rapidly recovering. This could be due to only one explanation lots and lots of snow in the Rocky Mountains during the last five years.",,0_0
"Senator Wong said Australians faced a range of risks, including higher rates of infectious diseases, an increase in bushfire-related injuries, and more heat-related death and illness . By 2020, the number of heat-related deaths in our capital cities is projected to double to 2300 a year, we are likely to see more food-safety related illness and dengue fever is likely to spread southwards, she said.",,0_0
"TodayisInternational Polar Bear Day 2015and environmentalists will be marking the occasion with petitions, calls to action and alarmist claims about the threat to the very existence of these iconic animals.",,5_2
"Stott and Forest (2007) : This TCR estimate is based on the analysis in Stott et al. (2006), an AR4 study from which all four of the unlabelled grey dashed-line PDFs in Figure 10.20a are sourced. It used a detection-and-attribution regression method applied to 20th century temperature observations to scale TCR values, and 20th century warming attributable to greenhouse gases, for three AOGCMs. Gillett et al. (2012) found that just using 20th century data for this purpose biased TCR estimation up by almost 40% compared with when 18512010 data was used. Moreover, the 20th century greenhouse gas forcing increase used in Stott and Forest (2007) to derive TCR (from the Stott et al. (2006) attributable warming estimate) is 11% below that per AR5, biasing up its TCR estimation by a further 12%.",,0_0
House Minority Whip Steny Hoyer has joined President Obama in conceding that he blundered by voting against an increase to the government's debt ceiling. ,,0_0
They ridiculed the Board and demanded it drop its revised standards and ban facts which question the man-made global warming narrative from the classroom.,,0_0
"ols.lik< -function(b,y=x,t=Year ) -arima(y-b*t, order=c(0,0,0),method=ML"")$loglik""",,0_0
"Fox News reports the Audubon Society is nearly alone among national and state environmental organizations in supporting the measure. Speaking with Fox News, Gail Gatton, executive director of Audubon Society Washington State said, I think for us, I-732 isn't about money. It really is about what are the market-based incentives that will drive people to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.""",,0_0
"In addition to the fact that production of Bacillus thuringiensis crystal endotoxin proteins in a crop plant limits specific herbivorous insect attack without the need for chemical treatments,"" to quote the seven scientists, ""elevated CO 2 conditions could modify herbivore-induced defenses at the vegetative stage, and enhance indirect defense in the future."" And, of course, the increasing CO 2 content of the air would help to thwart the growth-reducing effects of ozone pollution at one and the same time. Reviewed 11 February 2009""",,3_3
The full text is available here as an Adobe Acrobat PDF.,,0_0
"The other day in the Herald , Mr Chris Barton took up the topic of global warming in an article headed Climate debate adrift on rising tide of lunacy .",,5_2
"So will James Murray be gleefully waving our brave young people off to war.Does he seriously think that buying a few of his Solar Panels ,Windmills and fancy Halogen Light Bulbs will automatically make it rain in the desert and make all the IEDs and the armed insurgents along with all the CO2 magically disappear.",,0_0
"This isnt a serious science paper, Dr. Hoerling said. Its mainly about perception, as indicated by the papers title. Perception is not a science.",,0_0
"Many people including several famous physicists find Maldacena's and Susskind's ER-EPR correspondence hard to believe, controversial, or inconsistent. But there is no known inconsistency. Three folks at Caltech, Bao, Pollack, and Remmen, are addressing a point that I have mentioned on this blog a few times, but they do so a bit differently.",,0_0
"Perhaps that is because international efforts have not succeeded thus far. Gwyn Prins of the London School of Economics and Steve Rayner of Oxford University say the Kyoto Protocol, as an instrument for achieving emissions reductions, has failed . . . It has produced no demonstrable reductions in emissions or even in anticipated emissions growth."" Meanwhile, the United States is having better luck at controlling its emissions, without the multi-billion-dollar mandates of Kyoto.""",,0_0
"Furthermore, HadCRUT4 shows absolutely no global warming since late 2000...",,0_0
Michigan Has Cooled Eighteen Degrees Since The Ice Age Scare!,,0_0
"Horn quite rightly points out that if so much money was being directed to skeptics, then there would have been more success in challenging the propaganda.",,0_0
"(d) The campaign against our directors and donors being conducted by Forecast the Facts, 350.org, and Greenpeace not by anonymous individuals as you strangely suggest in fact is unprecedented because it could not have occurred had not Peter Gleick stolen and revealed our donor list. But we are obviously well on our way to building a new and much larger donor base that is Greenpeace proof.",,0_0
The principle is simple: Any country that asks you to trust them under a UN climate treaty without verification is lying. It's a pity President Obama didn't understand that when he pledged to throttle down American energy production today in exchange for unverifiable pledges by China to start worrying about its emissions in 2030.,,0_0
Expedition vessel hired by global warming scientists,,0_0
"Billionaire Elon Musk prances around as CEO or godfather of Tesla Motor Company manufacturing electrical cars, Solar City manufacturing solar panels to make electricity, and SpaceX manufacturing space rockets to launch satellites into orbit. These companies rarely make a profit, though they've made Musk a very rich man. How do they stay in business? With a stream of $5 billion in taxpayer funds. READ MORE",,0_0
"Impressive though the panel was as a whole, it really was rather shabby for the scientists who surely know better to have sat there in silence while Ms. Macfarlane peddled her snake oil about a scientific consensus."" Are they worried about being excluded from the right cocktail parties? If so, that is a display of moral cowardice unworthy of serious intellectuals.""",,5_2
"from 20072013 there was a near-zero trend in observed Arctic September sea-ice extent, in large partdue to a strong uptick of the ice-pack in 2013, which has continued into 2014.",,1_1
"Polar Bears are used so frequently by the warmers that it??s become accepted wisdom that they are threatened . In fact, the polar bear population has doubled to over 25,000 in the past 20 years. The US Government??s recent decision to list the species as threatened was a political decision to avoid a court battle, and has no foundation.",,3_2
"In the real world, there has been a temperature rise of 0.3C in the last 35 years as measured by satellites. This is well short of what is predicted by global warming theory as practiced by the CSIRO, Bureau of Meteorology and others.",,5_1
"The discovery of shale has really recreated the value proposition to build these facilities in what is the world's largest market, Andrew Liveris, Dow's chief executive, gushed about its Texas expansion plans.""",,0_0
Here?s a break down of just a handful of the states affected by these regulations:,,0_0
"An article published today in Nature notes multiple and substantial uncertainties and deficiencies of climate models which are crucial for predicting global warming,"" due primarily to the low-resolution of today's models which is insufficient to skillfully simulate essential climate aspects such as""",,5_1
"Ohio Maximum Temperatures Peaked In 1921, Down Since 1895",,0_0
"In light of their experimental findings, Haynert et al . conclude that foraminiferal communities are fully able to withstand present-day, seasonally high p CO 2 levels and might also tolerate moderate future p CO 2 increases,"" and maybe even some that are not so ""moderate.""",,3_2
"One of the successes of US law vs. European is that we have generally maintained the inventive to work -- in other words, we have been able to relieve economic hardship while still making unemployment uncomfortable enough to provide incentives to find work.",,0_0
"The Natural Resources Defense Council, for instance, was able to get an injunction on the U.S. Navy's use of ship-tracking sonar technology in training exercises because the noise allegedly disturbed whales and dolphins, and this adversely affected NRDC members' scientific, recreational, and ecological interests."" (The injunction would be later be overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court in Winter v. NRDC.) And in Massachusetts v. EPA, the Bay State was able to get standing for its suit to require the Environmental Protection Agency to limit carbon-dioxide emissions because of alleged injuries to the state in terms of land that would be lost because of global warming in approximately 100 years.""",,0_0
"Ethanol will not bring us energy security, and it may well make us less secure because of the significant volatility in crop productivity from year to year.",,0_0
"JCs take: My first question is to wonder about what the $12.5M of U.S. funding actually pays for? Not the science, but presumably publication and distribution costs of the documents, staff to maintain the websites and manage the review process, etc.? What portion of the total IPCC costs does the U.S. support? I have never actually seen a budget before for the IPCC.",,0_0
"Certainly, if the method wereas Burger and Cubasch claimprone to using nonsense predictors when applied to multiproxy network with the signal-to-noise attributes of the Rutherford et al (2005) proxy network, and calibrating over intervals with trends similar to those in the actual observations, there would be at least some hint of this in tests using networks with even lower signal-to-noise ratios, and calibrated over intervals with even larger trends? But there is no such evidence at all in the experiments detailed by Mann et al (2005).",,0_0
Recent news reports suggest that a new syndrome call it Climate Change Derangement Syndrome (CCDS) is on the rise.,,0_0
"Carbon cycling was much smaller during last ice age than in todays climate Atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) is one of the most important greenhouse gases and the increase of its abundance in the atmosphere by fossil fuel burning is the main cause of future global warming. In past times, during the transition between an ice age and a warm period, atmospheric CO2 concentrations changed by some 100 parts per million (ppm) from an ice age value of 180 ppm to about 280 ppm during warm periods.",,2_3
"be groomed in turn, it receives only a brief grooming and usually",,0_0
"50 years ago, we??d never have counted this as a tropical storm. As outlined recently in New peer reviewed study: Surge in North Atlantic hurricanes due to better detectors, not climatechange , its the technology that enables counting storms that would not have been counted before. Ditto for tornadoes and sunspots.",,1_7
"???The leap from one-dimensional to three-dimensional models is an important step,?? said Wolf. ???Clouds and sea ice are critical factors in determining climate, but the one-dimensional models completely ignore them.??",,5_1
But their hot streak may soon run into some trouble. Why? Because they have provoked the most powerful special interest in congressional history: farmers. These are the same folks who once convinced Congress to pay them to grow nothing. Now they are holding hostage legislation to fight so-called climate change.,,0_0
"The environmental movement of today, by contrast, is preservationist, obsessed with preserving and restoring a landscape unaltered by humans that may have never existed. It operates on the premise that untrammeled nature is always benign. Paradoxically, because we have been so successful at overcoming nature's ravages, too many people attribute everything from rough weather to diseases -- forces of nature that have plagued the world for centuries to human activities. To focus on the environment,"" the ""planet"", or the ""ecosystem"" obscures and often worsens specific threats to humans, animal, and plants. And many times, environmentalist prescriptions have been in conflict with public health.""",,0_0
"Of the finished desalination plants, 63.35 percent are for industrial purposes, and the rest are for household water use",,0_0
"The four researchers first note that  A. laticollaris is an appropriate species to predict the response of shallow-water thecate Foraminifera to predicted increases in atmospheric CO 2 , given its isolation from a shallow-water semi-tropical setting."" Hence, they go on to say their results indicate that ""at least some foraminiferal species will tolerate CO 2 values that are one to two orders of magnitude higher than those predicted for the next few centuries."" And, last of all, they say that A. laticollaris will also tolerate CO 2 values that are one to two orders of magnitude greater than those predicted to occur for the ""extreme case"" of burning all fossil fuels in the crust of the earth , which observation validates the title of our brief review: That's one tough protist! Reviewed 8 July 2009""",,3_2
"Instead of complaining politely about the plan on the basis industry might lose some water, what about rural leaders pointing out the obvious: that the plan will deliver no environmental benefit until something is done about the 7.6 kilometres of concrete barrage that sits across the bottom of the Lower Lakes?",,0_0
"The three researchers conclude their report by speculating that elevated atmospheric CO 2 was effective for the survival and rooting of the majority of the cutting branches because of its promoting photosynthetic activity in plants and possible synthesis of root promoting factors."" Whatever the reason, their observations certainly suggest that atmospheric CO 2 enrichment might well figure prominently in propagating commercially-important woody plants in the not-too-distant future. Reviewed 22 July 2009""",,3_3
"Heres the simplest interpretation a small cadre of well paid scientists make ambitious, inept climate models that billions of dollars of decisions relies on.",,5_1
Texas and Surrounding 41 F Degree Days Deviation Map,,0_0
One Hundred Years Later: Same Junk Science Worse Attitude,,0_0
What a load of BS. It has been cold all month and lots of snow. The albedo of the Greenland ice sheet is very high. These people have got to stop lying at some point.,,1_3
"The scientific and economics literature provide a wide range of guidance on each of these factors. And from this guidance, Epstein et al. develop low, high, and best estimate determinations of the externalities from electricity generated from the burning of coal. Epstein et al. have a tendency to give more preference for research conducted by various members in or close to their group. And since Epsteins Center for Health and the Global Environment is focused on playing up the negative impacts of anthropogenic climate change, their best estimate tends to incorporate some rather high-end formulations.",,0_0
"The ovens even work on the small banana tree rafts that the poorest have built and use during the three or so weeks when the floods force them out of their homes. Families pile goats and all their worldly possessions onto these rafts, and even sleep on them, until the water recedes. Other families have protected their possessions by piling firewood on their roof, or building platforms in their ceilings.",,0_0
"(Ive read that the junket was taxpayer-funded, but havent yet verified that.Now taxpayers are certainly paying to rescue them.)",,0_0
"Lloyd and Graumlich discuss declines in treeline during the past millennium. Evidence of this decline can be seen in this recent photo of a subfossil medieval tree in alpine tundra well above the present treeline. Whatever the cause of the changes in treeline may be, O&B; have presented no evidence that the foxtail ring width chronology (which cannot be identified in the citation anyway) is a valid proxy for long-term temperature changes.",,5_1
"A public release on all this will be made here in the near future. Whatever the decision of PNAS, it would be better made sooner than later.",,0_0
That spit of land juts into the Thames. What is nearby? Channon writes:,,0_0
"Mazzarella and Scafetta say their findings and analysis indicate that the global climate likely presents a ~60-year oscillation since at least 1700,"" and that ""this natural oscillation was in its warm phase during the period 1970-2000 and has likely largely contributed to the global warming during this period,"" which finding, in their words, ""confirms a quasi 60-year cycle in the climate system that further confirms the result of Loehle and Scafetta (2011),"" i.e., that ""the climate models used by the IPCC have significantly overestimated the anthropogenic effect on climate since 1950 by three to four times."" And we also note, in this regard, that the several real-world or ""natural"" experiments of Idso (1998) suggest that even the anthropogenic-induced warming component of Loehle and Scafetta is likely too large. What it means""",,2_1
How many times can official science be wrong before governments stop acting on the claim that human CO2 is causing climate change? The latest example is the claim that atmospheric CO2 levels are higher and show the largest one year increase on record .,,5_1
"Secondly, during the eight months of investigation"" (Abraham's word) that he carried out, at no single point did he ever contact me to ask me to clarify one of the numerous references which, he said over and over again, were not clear in my slides.""",,0_0
An Argyll grandmother is headed to Geneva to obtain a ruling on whether Government and planning authorities are overstepping their powers and failing to perform legally binding duties to citizens in their rush to build windfarms.,,0_0
"Firstly, the real situation is that the shell, the portion of the atmosphere doing most of the radiating, is colder than the surface. This is a simple observational truth. Cooler things dont warm warmer things, as the second law of thermodynamics tells us, though they can slow the rate of cooling of the warmer thing.",,2_3
"According to the BP Statistical Review of World Energy dataset, the global proved reserves of oil have increased steadily since the dataset began in 1980. Similarly, global oil production has increased steadily since the dataset begins in 1965, with an approximately linear increase since the early 1980s.",,4_5
"In the first post in this series, we discussed a number of animations of maps and animations of equatorial cross sections available from the NOAA Global Ocean Data Assimilation System (GODAS) website. Each cell of the animation is a 5-day (pentadal) average. Those animations ran from January 3 rd to March 29 th . The following are updates, again starting in January 3 rd . GODAS only maintains their animations for 3 months. Ive stored the maps since the first of the year and will continue to add maps as time progresses. That way we can watch the El Nio unfold from the beginning and then try to keep track of the warm water when El Nio is over.",,0_0
"How valid is the 2014 claim? In the 10,000 ??? year context, it is significant because it is among the 3 percent coldest years, which is far more significant than the 100-year warm alarmists proclaim. There are two major reasons: Highest readings occur in the most recent years of a rising temperature record. Every alteration, adjustment amendment and abridgment of the record so far, was done to create and emphasize increasingly higher temperatures.",,5_1
The Equatorial Cold Tongue Bias in CGCMs: Its Impact on ENSO (9 Jul 2013),,0_0
"such opportunities as access to credit, the establishment of systems of identification, the creation of systems for credit and insurance information, the provision for housing and infrastructure, the issue of shares, the mortgage of property and a host of other economic activities that drive a modern market economy.",,0_0
"Natural disasters, such as Hurricane Katrina and, in earlier years, hurricanes in Florida and floods along the Mississippi, have made two things clear: Large numbers of individuals facing large risks have not purchased insurance (for one reason or another); and, when disasters happen, there will be a government bailout. (The recognition of this, in turn, provides one of the reasons individuals limit the purchase of insurance; that is, if it is left as a voluntary matter.) There is clearly a role for government ex ante, but ascertaining what that role should be (requiring the provision of private insurance, providing public insurance, etc.) is not so simple if the private sector has strong incentives to overcharge, the public sector has strong incentives to undercharge.",,0_0
"The German Energy Minister Sigmar Gabriel is, in accordance with New Technology, willing to increase to Stockholm from talking with Stefan Lfven. He wants to remind that Swedish Vattenfall has a responsibility for the German arbetstillfllen and stable power generation. It comes naturally coal power in Germany, which stands for 45 percent of German energifrsrjning. Sigmar Gabriel says that it makes to wind electricity generation from coal and krnkraft simultaneously.",,0_0
Krugman on Waxman-Markey's Cost: We Hope His Readers Can't Multiply,,0_0
"Revolution Threatens to Falter: Is Germanys Green Energy Plan Failing? Germany has set higher targets for renewable energy usage than any other industrialized nation. Angela Merkels government plans to decommission its nuclear plants by 2022 and to obtain 80 percent of all energy from renewables by 2050. So far, though, too many promises from Berlin have gone unfulfilled. (Spiegel)",,4_2
Once again we have numerous climate model results that deviate significantly from real-world measurements; and we see no improvement in this regard between the CMIP3 set of models and the newer and supposedly improved CMIP5 models. This is not what most rational people would call progress. References,,5_1
"The estimates from the scientific community range from 4.0 to 5.6 million square kilometers, with 8 of the contributors suggesting a September minimum below 5.0 million square kilometers, 3 contributors suggesting a minimum of 5.0 million square kilometers, and 5 contributors suggesting a September minimum above 5.0 million square kilometers. Two contributors forecast a September minimum below that of 2007 at 4.0 million square kilometers and 3 contributors suggest a return to the long term downward linear trend for September sea ice loss (5.5 to 5.6 million square kilometers). None of the contributors indicate a return to the climatological sea ice extent of 6.7 million square kilometers.",,0_0
"There seems little doubt that the Arctic will be in for another cold period during the next 30 years or so, and that, as Judith Curry indicates, we will see a long term recovery of Arctic ice extent.",,1_2
"The carbon market is going very well. We've seen tremendous growth this year, Henrik Hasselknippe, senior analyst at Point Carbon, told Agence France Presse on February 12. ""Carbon is now being used as a commodity on the same lines as other energy commodities."" According to his estimates, CO2 trading will be a $40 billion annual industry by the end of this decade. The current price for a metric ton of carbon is $31, while a year ago it was $8. Others are equally bullish. Thierry Carol of Powernext Carbon, a CO2 trading market, told the same reporter, ""Things are taking off. This is just a start.""",,0_0
"No time to blog right now, check this out at WUWT. It looks like the DOE didnt get the exhaustive review from the AP. All documents must be preserved.",,0_0
"That was largely the logic behind the faltering Kyoto Protocol, in which China pledged only to reduce the carbon intensitythe relative greenhouse gas efficiency of its industrialization, without any effort at actual cutbacks.",,0_0
"Modern-day Chicken Littles would like you to believe that the sky is falling - or, more precisely, that the atmosphere is dangerously overheating. But they are wrong. The steady stream of scary sceanarios about global warming and its supposed cataclysmic consequences hasn't abated.",,5_2
> >> >>(See attached file: climatic variability and change initiative for,,0_0
"Sounds familiar? Sure, must have read it in the paper last week. Fact: the Arctic variations are notorious and the report above was issued by the US Weather Bureau in 1922.",,0_0
"Solar forcing based on these modern reconstructions is 1 - 2.6 times higher than the alleged forcing from increased greenhouse gases during the 20th century. In addition, climate models do not consider any of the multiple solaramplificationmechanisms which have been described in the literature. Thus, the IPCC and others dismiss the role of the Sun in climate by conveniently assuming solar activity changed 5 - 13 times less than the research indicates.",,2_1
Steve McIntyre is auditing Mann?s libel case. He has 3 recent posts:,,0_0
From CEI: Research Associate Adam Chamberlain on Canada's vast and underappreciated oil reserves.,,0_0
The conclusion of Ms Bug and her journalistic collaborators is that the male students are sexist pigs who should be vaginized.,,0_0
"The media lapped up the hysteria nonetheless, and gave it meaning. What has emerged are unsatisfied eco-activists, disgruntled at the failure of the worlds politicians to achieve a legally binding framework to reduce green house gases in the atmosphere. These responses tell us more than Bali itself.",,5_2
"Currently, arguments against renewable energy are based on the accurate claim they are too inefficient to become widespread. The technology behind solar and wind power are just not where they need to be to justify widespread use.",,4_4
"Fayyad's internal reforms and endorsement of international nonviolence play well with many Israelis. Many cite him as the sort of Palestinian who will be necessary to the development of good bilateral relations. A number of Israeli officials have even compared him to Israel's own founding father, David Ben Gurion, who is credited with developing the political, military, economic, and social institutions of nationhood before full statehood itself became possible. But he has also shown a sharp tongue in criticizing Israeli actions in Gaza and at the negotiating table. He has called for Palestinian laborers to reject work on Israeli settlements, led a ban on Israeli settlement products in the Palestinian economy (making it illegal to sell hundreds of Israeli brands in Palestinian-controlled areas), and sought to mobilize European sentiment against admitting Israel to the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development. None of this has endeared him to Israeli officials.",,0_0
"Fisker was one of a handful of auto companies to receive sizeable federal loans to help support the birth of an electric car industry in the United States. As ABC News reported in October, Fisker's efforts have been beset by delays. And despite benefitting from U.S. taxpayer support, the company had signed a contract with a firm in Finland to assemble its first generation electric vehicle, a flashy $97,000 sports coupe called the Karma.",,0_0
"But here is the point I want to make. Everybody goofs, as Sean said in his initial tweet when this debate arose. I goof as Stevie C points out in the comments here, I apparently said in a radio interview that the phases of the Moon are caused by the Earths shadow, which is clearly bollocks! Unless I was talking about a lunar eclipse, I cant understand what I must have been thinking. Probably the end of a long day. He continues to say that everyone goofs etc. Well, I am not sure whether everyone goofs about the origin of the lunar phases or similarly elementary questions, especially among physics professors who have claimed to be experts on the subject. But I do appreciate that Cox confessed his sins and I do agree that people, including smart ones, may sometimes err and the probability for a smart person to err doesn't really go down when we talk about elementary topics.",,0_0
"This argument is unpersuasive if the warming of recent decades is not unusual or unprecedented in the past 1300 years. As it happens, numerous studies indicate that the Medieval Warm Period (MWP)???roughly the period from AD 800 to 1300, with peak warmth occurring about AD 1050???was as warm as or warmer than the Current Warm Period (CWP).",,2_1
"Thinking over this history, I see three primary uses of environmental computer forecasts: to understand the implications of what we know (Can living things change the global environment?); to know the future; and to influence public behavior. Only the first can be strictly scientific. The third is wandering farther and farther away from science.",,0_0
"This high frequency is extraordinary. It is unclear what the cause of death could be, and it cannot be determined due to the extent the whales are decomposed. Researchers believe that its due to biological reasons. Young whales and mothers are especially vulnerable shortly after birth. They do not exclude the possibility that the construction of the windpark near the Darss peninsula may have been a factor .",,0_0
Many thanks to Luke Walker for alerting me to the story of Goyders Line.,,0_0
"As documented by previous temperature charts , the global atmospheric temperatures have been on a declining trend over the last 15 years. The adjacent chart depicts similar results with a change: instead of CO2 levels (ppm), this chart shows the recent human CO2 emissions in gigatons.",,1_4
"The lesson I take from the overpopulation scare is to be wary when media, university and corporate elites warn that we must change our ways or face disaster 50 years hence, and when they insist, as Al Gore does and Friedman seems to, that the time for argument is over. In our two-party democracy it never is. And shouldn't be.",,0_0
Empirical evidence shows that Earth is currently greening significantly due to additional CO2 and a modest warming.,,3_3
"Its a knockout in the latest thriller in Manila where the President has axed his Office of the Presidential Adviser on Global Warning and Climate Change. Were saved, apparently.",,0_0
"Simple arguments allow us to understand why there are differences in horizontal temperature gradients among the planets. There are two fundamental time scales that determine how a planetary atmosphere transfers heat. The radiative timescale, t rad , is the time it would take for an atmosphere above some pressure level p 0 to reduce its temperature by 1/e of its initial value via radiative cooling if solar radiation were turned off. The dynamic timescale, t dyn , is the time required to move a parcel over a characteristic distance in the atmosphere and, in so doing, transport heat from one location to another.",,0_0
"An advertising agency for the citys health department obtained the rights to use the photo to illustrate its campaign shown throughout the subway system against supersize portions of fast food and sugary sodas. To emphasize that consuming too much of those foods could lead to diabetes and the amputation of limbs, the agency edited away the lower half of Mr. Berrys right leg and conjured up a pair of crutches.",,0_0
"That reforms gave rise to a revolution by 1989 was due largely to another idealistic"" cause: Gorbachev's deep and personal aversion to violence and, hence, his stubborn refusal to resort to mass coercion when the scale and depth of change began to outstrip his original intent. To deploy Stalinist repression even to ""preserve the system"" would have been a betrayal of his deepest convictions. A witness recalls Gorbachev saying in the late 1980s, ""We are told that we should pound the fist on the table,"" and then clenching his hand in an illustrative fist. ""Generally speaking,"" continued the general secretary, ""it could be done. But one does not feel like it.""",,0_0
"Just remember when you hear people complaining about cuts to government spending, that we can still afford to help Tanzanians make climate change awareness"" films.""",,0_0
"Instead, I am pointing this example out because many people are capable of understanding that Cox's answer is wrong. Cox's comments about the Pauli principle and a hypothetical non-locality in quantum mechanics are wrong to an exactly the same extent except that, unfortunately, the percentage of people who understand the Pauli principle and the reason why locality is respected by various quantum systems is much lower.",,0_0
"We used the Heritage Energy Model (HEM), a clone of the EIA's National Energy Model (NEM), to quantify the impact of freeing up the energy markets by lifting the crude export ban as well as increasing the availability of domestic petroleum and natural gas. The HEM was used to compare current policy (the reference case) to a policy with broader access to energy resources (the alternative case). To model the impact of lifting burdensome regulations on the oil and gas industry, several assumptions were changed. Under this policy alternative, recoverable shale oil and shale gas and their variants are 50 percent higher, and well spacing is 50 percent lower than the reference case. There are a few less impactful assumptions, which are discussed in the appendix.",,0_0
"But perhaps a carbon tax does run afoul of Coase's warning against blackboard economics. Mankiw makes the whole thing sound pretty straightforward. Then again, silver-bullet policies are rare. As the Fraser Institute's (and former AEIer) Ken Green has noted, a national carbon tax would be regressive, raise the cost of energy inputs for business, and likely be layered on top of existing regulations. What would be the right price, exactly? And wouldn't government become addicted to the new revenue stream? After all, the goal isn't to maximize tax revenue, but to reduce carbon emissions and thus carbon tax revenue over time.",,0_0
"I know the heading sounds odd, but its true. If we look at data on a global basis, we can only see that the global dataset has warmedwe cant see if there are obvious reasons for the warming. To eliminate that problem, well simply divide the data into two portions. Well call these regions the East Pacific (90S-90N, 180-80W) and the Rest of the World (90S-90N, 80W-180) to simplify the discussion. These areas are shown in Figure 4. They stretch from the Southern Ocean surrounding Antarctica to the Arctic Ocean surrounding the North Pole.",,0_0
"Sledges, snowmen, snowballs and the excitement of waking to find that the stuff has settled outside are all a rapidly diminishing part of Britain's culture, as warmer winters which scientists are attributing to global climate change produce not only fewer white Christmases, but fewer white Januaries and Februaries.",,0_0
Senate Still Has Time to Get Health Care Reform Bill Right,,0_0
"From the known laws of physics, CO2 has very little impact on both recent past, and future, global temperatures. The science of CO2 impact on temperatures, as depicted in charts below, is not disputed. Source for CO2 info here .",,2_3
"Nuccitelli may like to look at the second-order draft of the IPCCs 2013 Fifth Assessment Report, to which I have added the trend-line through the real-world observed temperature change since 1990:",,0_0
"An extended domain limited area model was implemented for seasonal-range simulations to assess the effect of tropical Pacific SST perturbations on weather patterns over Europe and Mediterranean. The experimental method consisted of Skiron/Eta model integrations with coarse and fine grid increment using artificially-modified as well as analysis SST forcing. The selected period was AugustOctober 1997. Model simulations with coarse grid increment produced a weak signal in the precipitation pattern and the synoptic scale circulation over Europe, implying a damping of the North Atlantic atmospheric response to the tropical Pacific SST perturbation. Fine resolution experiments suggested an amplified dynamic response providing a direct link between tropical Pacific SST and North Atlantic synoptic circulation. The output signal is mainly attributed to the effective representation of the regional/ mesoscale atmospheric features due to the model implementation with a fine mesh grid.",,0_0
"Not only have these disasters not occurred but the world has more food per capita, less disease and larger and cheaper energy reserves every decade.",,0_0
"An insurmountable obstacle to AGW is that there is overwhelming evidence that CO2 does not move before temperature but at best as a response to it or arguably with no correlation at all; this is shown over all timespans: geological , 20thC and 21stC. So to argue as many do, that CO2 causes a temperature increase, is to argue against the data. That has never bothered AGW science so we have two new papers saying either CO2 rises before temperature as Shakum does, or that there is synchronicity between CO2 and temperature as Parrenin et al argues. Shakum is easily dismissed because he bases his conclusion on a massive cherry pick of the only period in the last 20,000 years where CO2 appears to rise before temperature .",,2_3
"The blaze could take another two days to put out, South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue Service said.",,0_0
"We recommend that if the DGAC insists on including a discussion of greenhouse gas emissions (and thus climate change) in it 2015 Dietary Guidelines, that the current discussion be supplemented, or preferably replaced, with a more accurate and applicable one one that indicates that carbon dioxide has widespread and near-universal positive benefits on the supply of food we eat, and that attempting to limit future climate change through dietary choice is misguided and unproductive. These changes must be made prior to the issuance of the final guidelines.",,3_3
"Anyway, I plotted Manhattan sea level versus GISS global temperature anomaly for the period 1893 to 1910, to make this relationship clear.",,0_0
"Already, the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has been in full retreat after having to concede a 17-year stall in global warming despite levels of atmopheric CO2 rising almost 40 percent in recent decades. The new SABER data now forms part of a real world double whammy against climatologists' computer models that have always been programmed to show CO2 as a warming gas.",,1_4
"These numbers are not perfect, and they come from observations that are definitely not perfect. For example, there are concerns about urban heat islands and about siting issues, concerns which I share and have helped publicize. So these trends need to be double-checked and confirmed in some way.",,0_0
"Most importantly, the GEF has become a giant protection racket in which environmental activists shake down the World Bank in exchange for their silence and even their support. The scheme has worked magnificently as Green organizations have ended their campaign to abolish the World Bank even though they don't consider it any more Earth-friendly"" than before.""",,0_0
"In any case, more reliable satellite data reveal that 2015 was only the third warmest year since recordings first began in 1979. Other than major 2015 and 1998 El Nino ocean spikes, there has been no statistically significant warming in nearly two decades. Yet although weather balloon (radiosonde) measurements closely agree with satellites, no temperature monitoring systems were designed to measure such small changes over decades.",,1_4
"Jesse Hathaway, managing editor of Budget & Tax News, talks with Diane Goldstein, a former lieutenant commander with the Redondo Beach, California government police department. Goldstein is executive board member of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition (LEAP), an international nonprofit organization of current and former law enforcement agents promoting rational criminal justice policies. She and Hathaway talk about civil asset forfeiture reform efforts in California and Ohio, and how lawmakers in other states can better protect taxpayers' property rights and prevent government abuse. LISTEN TO MORE",,0_0
"A new study by Canadian scientists once again debunks the notion polar bears are currently being harmed by global warming. Researchers with Canada's Lakehead University found no evidence"" polar bears are currently threatened by warming.""",,3_2
"The study also reported oil and gas operators fixed these leaks soon after they were made aware of their existence, which isn't surprising, because methane that leaks into the atmosphere cannot be captured and sold to customers. Oil and gas operators have a strong financial incentive to decrease leaks, much like dairy farmers would have a strong incentive to fix pipes that were leaking milk, the product they wish to sell, onto the ground.",,0_0
"For further information or to obtain a copy of this study, please visit http://www.nrcresearchpress.com/journal/apnm",,0_0
"Sent: Friday, May 25, 2012 11:36:54 AM",,0_0
"Less Carbon, Higher Prices: How Californias Climate Policies Affect Lower-Income Residents",,4_1
In the words of physicist Prof Howard Cork Hayden:,,0_0
Weather Bureau Blows Budget on New SuperComputers,,0_0
"Its really heartwarming (without even having to surround ones internal organs with greenhouse gases!!) to find that people that want to save the world by running complex computational models on supercomputers, are so (un)familiar with using common features of simple apps; and that people assigned by major international scientific publications to keep us informed about a problem that might engulf the planet, are (in)capable of showing much intelligent reasoning and to probe a situation with thoughtful questions and unprecedented insight.",,0_0
"Now theres a trend thats simply not sustainable at least, lets hope so.",,0_0
"Such modelling underpins the last three propositions, too. Whether warming is going to be dangerous or beneficial for humanity and where it might occur, and what effects any warming would have on rainfall, or storms, or anything else, depend on the outcome of the models. Since the IPCC itself says that the current level of scientific understanding of some of the variables in the climate models is low or very low, it is not clear why we should take especial interest in what the models say. They do not predict, incidentally, but produce scenarios or projections, on an ifthen basis. Scary ones usually make it to the media, which like scary stories. But we have had an awful lot of them in the last few years, and people have begun to hear Matilda crying Fire. (For those younger than me, Matilda is the subject of one of Hilaire Bellocs Cautionary Tales , all worth reading.)",,5_1
"We can also ask what the weather (thus climate) would be like if we were to slow, hold constant, or increase pumping carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. But we have the same problem as before: well never know if the model is right because all well have is the atmosphere that exists, and the knowledge that everything, from worms to the sun, cause changes in it.",,5_1
"The Hillarys to Yanchep sector does not appear to be susceptible to erosion over the next century as Tamala Limestone is preserved above sea level along the majority of the coast, and the beaches are well sheltered by three lines of offshore reefs.",,0_0
"The foundation arguments on which this entire nonsense-structure is built are very simple. First, atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide control the sun?s energy flow to and from the Earth and thus control global temperatures in particular and global climate generally. Second, anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide are driving atmospheric concentrations of this gas inexorably higher and higher, and the consequence will be climate catastrophe.",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Myall Coast Nota,,0_0
"The standstill is a reality and is not the result of cherry-picking start and end points. Its commencement can be seen clearly in the data, and it continues to this day, said Dr David Whitehouse, the author of the new report.",,0_0
"The credibility of official ideology, which in Yakovlev's words, held the entire Soviet political and economic system together like hoops of steel,"" was quickly weakening. New perceptions contributed to a change in attitudes toward the regime and ""a shift in values."" Gradually, the legitimacy of the political arrangements began to be questioned. In an instance of Robert K. Merton's immortal ""Thomas theorem"" ""If men define situations as real, they are real in their consequence"" the actual deterioration of the Soviet economy became consequential only after and because of a fundamental shift in how the regime's performance was perceived and evaluated.""",,0_0
So is there any weather pattern that would disprove global warming?',,0_0
"Now TransCanada has returned with a revised plan that skirts the environmentally sensitive Sand Hills region, adding about 100 miles to the route, and avoids areas where groundwater in the Ogallala aquifer is less than 5 feet from the surface.",,0_0
"The circuitous nature of this reasoning to save the people one had to save perestroika, but perestroika could be saved only if it was capable of changing man from within"" did not seem to trouble anyone. Those who thought out loud about these matters seemed to assume that the country's salvation through perestroika and the extrication of its people from the spiritual morass were tightly perhaps, inextricably interwoven, and left it at that. What mattered was reclaiming the people to citizenship from ""serfdom"" and ""slavery."" ""Enough!"" declared Boris Vasiliev, the author of a popular novella of the period about World War II, which was made into an equally well-received film. ""Enough lies, enough servility, enough cowardice. Let's remember, finally, that we are all citizens. Proud citizens of a proud nation!""",,0_0
"To paraphrase our fearless leader, that's all stupid shit.",,0_0
"The 2001 IPCC gospel had abolished the medieval warm period by another piece of dubious statistical prestidigitation that was now under investigation by the Attorney-General of Virginia under the Fraud against Taxpayers Act 2000 (gasps of gaping astonishment from some of the environmentalists, who seemed not to have been told this before).",,5_2
"With the possible emergence of a NATO Security Providers Forum consisting of the leading contributors, three key questions are likely to keep the Allies busy in the coming years. What would happen with the four NATO Partners who are also SCO members in the event the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council was to be disbanded in favor of a Security Providers Forum. What will be the nature of the articulation between the North Atlantic Council, the Security Providers Forum, and the NATO-Russia Council? Has the time come for NATO to adopt an EU-style, variable geometry"" decision-making process? At the same time, the debate on the future Global NATO should not be limited to these organizational matters.""",,0_0
Climate Science has often blogged on the need to assess the entire spectrum of effects when a particular environmental (or other) regulation is implemented (e.g. see and see ).,,0_0
"Meanwhile, as Dear notes, South Korea is building four nuclear reactors in the United Arab Emirates. The Russian company, Rosatom, is building power plants in Turkey, Belarus, Vietnam, and elsewhere. The China National Nuclear Corporation is scheduled to build over twenty nuclear power plants.""",,0_0
"This echoes yet another scientist, a professor at the University of Colorado, who in recent times also mentioned this new era in relation to a call for population control when he stated:",,0_0
El Nio and La Nia events are the dominant mode of natural ocean-atmosphere variability on Earth. They have long-term impacts on temperature and precipitation patterns globally. Those long-term impacts have been one of the primary focusses of my research over the past 5 years. An introduction to those findings are presented in the illustrated essay The Manmade Global Warming Challenge and they are discussed in minute detail in my ebook Who Turned on the Heat?,,2_1
Our analysis shows that fewer extremely hot days were recorded over the past five years at both Observatory Hill and Parramatta than in the preceding five years of observation or the five years before that.,,1_7
"In the lecture reproduced below, technology analyst Mark Mills reveals that the Kyoto crusade is very much a case of deja vu all over again. Many of the same people and organizations that today warn of an impending climate catastrophe, warned in the 70s and 80s of imminent energy shortages and oil depletion. Their earlier predictions flopped. Far from the earth running out of oil by the year 2000, proven reserves are at record levels; far from topping $100 a barrel, petroleum prices fell to under $17 a barrel. Now as then, the gloomy forecasts are based on computer models. The big difference is that whereas oil depletion was supposed to occur in 20 years, catastrophic warming is supposed to occur in 50 or 100 years. But, asks Mills, why should we trust the 100-year forecasts of those whose 20-year forecasts were so spectacularly wrong?",,0_0
"Levels of CO2 far beyond what we will ever be able to achieve in the ambient atmosphere are highly beneficial for plant growth, which is why most commercial greenhouses use CO2 generators to keep CO2 at 3x to 4x ambient levels, at significant expense. They spend the money to keep CO2 levels high because that dramatically improves productivity.",,3_3
"Evidence is accruing that changes in Earths surface temperature are largely driven by variations in solar activity. Examples of solar controlled climate change epochs include the Medieval Warm Period, Little Ice Age and Early Twentieth Century (19101940) Warm Period.",,2_1
"on Sunday, January 19th, 2014 at 5:29 am and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Europe?s manufacturers are rapidly losing ground to international competition. Instead of putting money into the energy-expensive EU, investors are pouring money into the US, where energy prices have fallen to one-third of those in the EU, thanks to the shale gas revolution.",,0_0
"In the early days of the post Cold War, there were, on both sides of the Atlantic, great hopes that the UN could finally play the role it was initially designed for. A former ambassador to the UN, the elder Bush in particular hoped to make the UN the cornerstone of a New World Order. In Europe as well, as the EU was toying with the idea of transforming itself from an Europe-espace to an Europe-puissance, many thought that an EU military force could constitute the military arm of the UN, and that the EU, in turn, could use the UN as a force multiplier to provide a counterweight"" to the US.""",,0_0
"If the movie were simply boring, An Inconvenient Truth might still be worth enduring if only to mine the extensive data and whatever environmental information might unfold. But environmentalism isn't Guggenheim's real concern. Presiding over the rebirth"" of Al Gore is. You get the feeling the director would be fine with global warming so long as Gore got to be the next President.""",,0_0
"For those reasons, the natural selection doesn't apply to groups and cultures literally. It's just another interpretation of the single history that doesn't bring any new insights or predictive power.",,0_0
"None of the early life-history stages we studied were consistently affected by reduced pH. Our results suggest that there will be no direct ecological effects of ocean acidification on the early life-history stages of reef corals, at least in the near future.",,3_2
202-331-2279 / iosorio@cei.org,,0_0
Denmark pays neighbors to take excess wind energy,,0_0
"In a book I recommend to everyone, Climate for the Layman"" by Anthony Bright-Paul, he draws on the best well-known science about the Earth noting that ""Since there is no such thing as a temperature of the whole Earth all talk of global warming is simply illogical, ill thought out, and needs to be discarded for the sake of clarity. The globe is warming and cooling in different locations concurrently every minute of the day and night.""",,2_1
"America can ready for living in the dark no new coal power stations were built in 2010 , despite the nation generating half of its power with its abundant coal reserves.",,0_0
"12 hours ago Wilkins runway near Casey Station, about 3,400 kilometres south-west of Hobart. AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving ...",,0_0
"Julian Simon notes that recent scientific and technical advances especially seed banks and genetic engineering have diminished the importance of maintaining species in their natural habitat."" (Scarcity, p.43)""",,0_0
Meanwhile the Gulf of Mexico has warmed above normal due to the southeast ridge the last 6 weeks.,,0_0
Other social science theories proved unreliable in practice. Keynesian economics crashed and burned in the stagflation of the 1980s.,,0_0
"In 2005, a similar blizzard struck central North Dakota.",,0_0
"...the scientists say, pauses in warming were always to be expected. This is new - at least to me.",,0_0
"There is a weird logic to the sort of inflated rhetoric we've seen from Ambassador Rice and others in the Obama Administration. The conceptual corollary of treating soft power"" as one's national security tool of first resort is that broad swathes of economic, cultural, and political life suddenly become appropriate subjects for analysis through the prism of ""national security."" But how easy do we wish it to be to assign our security bureaucracy responsibilities with regard to whatever issue is next offered as a ""national security"" challenge hitherto ignored by stick-in-the-mud traditionalists like me who apparently just don't understand the real challenges America faces? We should be careful of mission creep grounded in such totalistic understandings, and for reasons that go beyond poor prioritization of scarce resources. The risk of deeper impropriety lurks in these shadows.""",,0_0
In Keremali Akyaz Plateau district about 10 most elderly stranded citizens were rescued after heavy snowfall there mounted up to 70 cm (27 inches).,,1_3
"That should worry all Americans, because California energy policy is an unmitigated disaster. California's expensive energy has driven industries out of the state. According to the Energy Information Agency, California has some of the highest electricity prices in the country, due in part to the laughably misnamed deregulation"" of California's electricity industry. Californians were actually left with an overregulated energy supply that cannot deliver energy at the affordable prices the rest of the country can. No wonder, then, that it has exported most of its electricity generation to other states.""",,0_0
"As the CO 2 content of the air continues to rise, it is likely that these four weedy species common to European grasslands will not flourish and expand their territories as often claimed by some individuals who propagate the view that rising CO 2 levels will cause weeds to become increasingly more problematic and devastating to ecosystems in the future. Rather, it is more conceivable that a single weedy species, Poa annua , may possess the ability to expand its ranges, but only in habitats receiving full sunlight; for this paper demonstrated that light level was a much greater determinant of vegetative and reproductive success than was atmospheric CO 2 enrichment. Thus, if the results of this paper are applicable to most weedy species, it is likely that they will exhibit few, if any , changes in their vegetative and reproductive success in response to future increases in the CO 2 content of the air.",,0_0
"Political activist David Suzuki on a cross-country tour urging Canadians and politicians to drastically reduce greenhouse gas emissions may want to look in his own backyard before lecturing Canadians on how theyre destroying the Earth. With all the alternative-energy modes of transportation out there, Suzuki and his entourage are crossing Canada in a sprawling, rock-star-style diesel-burning tour bus, emitting more greenhouse gases during his 30-day tour than many of us do in a year .",,0_0
"This combination of factors reflects the view that while prosperity necessarily implies wealth, genuine prosperity is based on more than money alone for individual citizens and for individual countries. It also reflects an understanding that a growing economy is necessary, but not sufficient, for national prosperity and that without additional factorssuch as accountable governments, healthy citizens, strong social capital, and respect for civil and political libertiesa nation cannot achieve sustainable prosperity. See table 2 for the top ten countries by subindex.",,0_0
"Where the threat is not a direct one, the President spoke of mobilizing partners and of collective action, both of which are sound, if difficult objectives. That said, the absence of such conditions should not hamper action worth doing. For instance, if we had information on where and how the young Nigerian girls kidnapped by Boko Haram were being held and the capability to carry out their rescue, would we wait on some kind of coalition to form in order to attempt it? The point is, there are non-core"" interests worth pursuing unilaterally and we should understand that.""",,0_0
"Head, Suzanne and Heinz, Robert, ed. Lessons of the Rainforest. San Francisco: Sierra Club Books, 1990.",,0_0
Scenario 1: The earths average temperature during each year of the period 2014-2030 remains the same as is average temperature observed during the first 13 years of this century (2001-2013). This scenario represents a continuation of the ongoing pause in the rise of global temperatures.,,1_4
"The film suggests that evidence from ice cores proves that rising CO2 causes temperature increases over 650,000 years. The Court found that the film was misleading: over that period the rises in CO2 lagged behind the temperature rises by 800-2000 years.",,2_3
"We??ve noted that Briffa??s gridded MXD has high correlations to temperature, much higher than run-of-mill proxies. We??ve also noted that Mann (like Briffa) truncated this data at 1960 because of divergence. At the time that Mann et al 2008, the gridded MXD data was not available anywhere ??? Mann cited a webpage as follows:",,5_1
"The citizens seem to prefer some sort of an incinerator. However, designing an incinerator/thermal oxidizer that can safely feed the propellent granules and maintain stable temperatures, get one on site and get the necessary approvals seems like a tall order in, now, less than 90 days. In my opinion, the EPA has not really gotten away from the open burning plan. It has just allowed a delay to remove some of the heat they are taking.",,0_0
"CEI: George Gilder, one of the Club's advisors, recently stated that he thinks it's politically pointless to focus on cutting government--beneficiaries of government largesse are too passionate and will fight to the death to preserve their subsidies. It's basically not worth the effort, as long as you don't grow government additionally. What do you make of Gilder's comments?",,0_0
"Gas prices rise, breaking pre-election pattern:",,0_0
Man Made Global Warming Is A Complete Fraud,,5_2
"Though CSR was labeled by free-market icon Milton Friedman as a subversive doctrine,' much of the business community has embraced it, arguing that it is simply ""good for our business.' Opponents of CSR have naturally argued the contrary, emphasizing the economic costs of following such a ""misguided virtue' as CSR. But little attention has been paid to the actual arguments made by advocates of CSR within the business community. This is a shame, because a closer analysis of the ""business case for CSR"" shows that it is, indeed, based on a set of assumptions that undermine the legitimacy of the free-enterprise system.""",,0_0
"That finding, they note, is consistent with other research suggesting that the sun may affect the strength of those mid-latitude winds through changes in stratospheric ozone over Antarctica.",,0_0
"(Again, let me stress that I am describing the impacts on projected global temperatures. There is growing evidence that actual global temperatures are not evolving the way projections indicate that they should. So, the degree to which these temperature projections described above reflect what really will happen in the future, is far from certain.)",,5_1
Now lets examinethe climate change segment of Obamas inaugural speech :,,0_0
"Given the positive trends in air quality, the much larger role played by other air quality regulations, and the failure of NSR to significantly reduce net emissions from existing sources, one might ask: Is NSR for existing sources even necessary any longer? We'll return to this question after discussing current NSR policy and its negative effects on businesses, workers, consumers, and the environment.",,0_0
"Remember too, that the tropics are relatively stable as far as temperatures go so if the worlds atmosphere cools, the potential energy transfer from tropics to poles increases. On the other hand, if the atmosphere is warmer than has historically been the case, then you can expect reduced wind speeds and less extreme precipitation events. If nothing else, JunkScience.coms Global Thermometer might turn out to be useful as a sell signal for wind energy stocks.",,1_7
I?d like to take you through a little thought experiment.,,0_0
"A new paper published in the Journal of Geophysical Research Atmospheres finds Arctic sea ice concentrations at the low of each summer are related to absorption of sunlight by cloud cover at the top of the atmosphere in early summer, a phenomenon  not represented in most of current climate models.""",,5_1
"Ackermann reminds us: History shows us that this is precisely what never has put us on the path to democracy, freedom and prosperity.",,0_0
"The real motive for progressive politics is by no means any sense of altruism, as the aristocracy would have us believe. It is all of the usual selfish stuff: money, power, and ego. Limbaugh observes:",,0_0
All this and hippie-mocking goodness galore in your July 4th weekend roundupalooza.,,0_0
"I stopped watching commercial network news in the '80s, but still had PBS' MacNeil/Lehrer NewsHour and its trademark two-side analysis of major news. Gradually after 2002, the lack of global warming skeptic scientists offering rebuttal to their IPCC guests began bothering me, so I wrote and asked about it, starting in 2007. I also started writing to the Media Research Center this year, asking them to include PBS when they criticized broadcast news outlets' lack of balance in global warming stories. Long story short, the PBS Ombudsman answered on 12/17 (here, 2/3rds down the page at the headline Hot About Warming""), and Tim Graham at MRC's NewsBusters also wrote a nice 12/21 analysis of PBS' response.""",,5_2
"This would ordinarily be bad news for landowners, industries and anyone else who might run afoul of the EPA's re-empowered enforcement units. However, the ANPR may be evidence of overreach. Virtually everyone who has looked at the EPA's plans warn of regulatory overload, with the requirements for enforcement far outweighing the abilities of a normal government department. Traditional environmental enforcement could play second fiddle to the new greenhouse gas enforcement.",,0_0
"Excellent analysis, Keith. Yes, the PSD monster is a big part of this story, which most media coverage has missed. It will spring to life the moment EPA finalizes the new GHG/Fuel Economy standards by making carbon dioxide a Clean Air Act-regulated air pollutant."" In addition, the endangerment finding that underpins the standards will substantively satisfy the test, in Section 108 of the Act, that initiates a NAAQS rulemaking. The Center for Biological Diversity and many other warmists argue that NAAQS for CO2 should be set at 350 parts per million. Even outright de-industrialization of the United States probably would not suffice to attain such a standard.""",,0_0
"EPA has behaved in a similar fashion concerning the RMR&R; exclusion. After approving an expansive interpretation of the exclusion by state permitting agencies for the better part of two decades, in 1999 EPA claimed to be shocked to find some companies have tried to extend it to activities that are infrequently performed in the industry, alter the design or function of the equipment, or involve a significant capital cost . ...""32""",,0_0
"If you can make it (I know its a work day) or just pop in, it would help so much, and its a rare chance to meet people who are true gems, and to let our representatives know we wont stand by and let the injustices pile up.",,0_0
"As Mr. Bast explains in his blog post , the idea Heartland lost nearly $1 million in donations is false: Most of the donors who have said they wont continue to support us have agreed to fund new or existing groups that will continue our work; some already contributed this year before their announcements; and others had indicated they would not fund us even before the billboard controversy. We have now raised considerably more from current and new donors than we may have lost due to the controversy.",,0_0
"As a result of Hansens spectacular failures, his confidence levels and temperature forecasts have greatly increased.",,5_2
"Never let a good crisis go to waste could have been written for Bob Brown. No depths are too low for the Greens leader, exposing his party as a bunch of hysterical ecotards, more concerned with using the Queensland floods to push their extremist environmental agenda than for the suffering of so many people as a result of this tragedy. Fortunately, he has been criticised for his comments by all sides:",,0_0
6. Niger - Agreement for Cooperating in the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE) Program,,0_0
"Some natural scientists say that bushfire history is anecdote; or mythology; that little is known about Aboriginal burning; or even that such burning is impossible; and that frequent, mild fires destroy biodiversity (however that slippery word may be defined). They say that history is unreliable, and only natural science can lead to the truth about bushfire. I suspect that the philosopher Robin G. Collingwood might have strongly disagreed with that view, since he saw history as an essential part of human understanding. Scientists should be aware that there is a history of science.",,0_0
The latest explanation from climate scientists is that Pacific trade winds have caused the planet to stop warming. Stronger winds in the last two decades may have forced warmer water deeper while bringing cooler water to the surface.,,0_0
"Coming to a conclusion that simply could not be avoided, Barkhordarian et al . state that the detection of an outright sign mismatch of observed and projected trends in autumn and late summer, leads us to conclude that the recently observed trends cannot be used as an illustration of plausible future expected change in the Mediterranean region,"" once again illustrating the folly of placing too much faith in even the best of climate model projections.""",,5_1
"11 The Pharisee stood up and prayed about himself: `God, I thank you that I am not like other menrobbers, evildoers, adulterersor even like this tax collector.",,0_0
Ldecke and his colleagues agree with Dr. Michaels assertion that the projected increase in the earths temperature from CO2 is getting smaller and smaller.,,2_3
TIME Magazine June 1974: Another Ice Age? Follow The Money,,0_0
"The EPA is moving toward imposing these baseless regulations despite the fact that China and India have been building coal-fired plants to provide their nations with the energy to expand and compete in the global marketplace. China's CO2 emissions increased by 167% between 1999 and 2009, while the U.S., the second largest emitter of CO2, lowered its emissions by 17% over the same 10-year period.",,4_2
"All of which proves we're far from down and out in the space race, and that even old technologies work when we're committed to their success.",,0_0
Conclusion #3: EPA interpretations have extended NSR to physical and operational changes that neither Congress nor EPA itself in past rulings intended to be subject to NSR's permitting requirements.,,0_0
"This section of the agenda fits neatly into other UN-sponsored activities that are afoot. In October, a few weeks after the release of 2030 Agenda, the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) part of the World Health Organization (WHO), an arm of the UN released a report concluding that red meat, like beef and pork, is probably carcinogenic"" to humans, and that processed meat, like bacon and sausage, pose an even greater cancer risk.""",,0_0
"Asked to explain data that showed the earth had been cooling in recent years, the trained astrophysicist acknowledged air temperatures had leveled during the La Nina weather pattern, now nearing an end.??",,1_4
There isn??t the slightest evidence that more carbon dioxide has caused more extreme weather.,,1_7
"The good news is that once something is out there, people will counter with links to that without themselves worrying about the detail.",,0_0
"on Friday, July 30th, 2010 at 12:36 am and is filed under News.",,0_0
New Internet caf tests limits of state gaming laws:,,0_0
The US is currently in the midst of the longest streak ever recorded without an intense hurricane landfall,,1_7
"Morano on new modeling study claiming: Climate Change Will Make the Persian Gulf Uninhabitable'""",,0_0
"Weve been swamped by bad economic news and you dont have to look at our survey results alone to see that the interest and focus on climate change has dissipated somewhat , said Yuen Pau Woo, co-author of the report.",,0_0
"Sen. Rand Paul: Right To Health Care Is Like Believing In Slavery"":""",,0_0
<5315> Jenkins/MetO:,,0_0
"Now this isn't meant to be an indictment of the scientific process. I just want to point out that scientists are people too. And while the most objective people I've ever met are scientists, for the most part, people that speak out on the issue of global warming have greater motivations than just searching for how things work.",,0_0
Recent EPA interpretations have extended NSR to physical and operational changes that neither Congress nor EPA itself in past rulings intended to be subject to NSR's permitting requirements.,,0_0
"So rest assured. When we someday look back at today's global warming hysteria the way we now look back at the long-debunked Malthusian terrors of yore, there will be no shortage of fresh doomsayers advising the powers-that-be of humanity's impending doom, which can only be staved off by stamping out the fire of innovation and problem-solving spirit that brought us the device on which you're reading this. Let's hope there are still enough rational optimists out there to resist.",,0_0
"leading to more crazy weather. I cant remember your words, but it came",,0_0
"As you try to wrap your mind around that explanation, just think about the way the Earth goes through regular seasons as well as predictable cycles of warming and cooling. It has done this now for some 4.5 billion years.",,2_1
Spin Cycle: Carbon Dioxide Is NOT Carbon Pollution,,0_0
"Of course, realizing these benefits requires producing more, ending the export ban, and building more pipelines, natural gas liquefaction plants, and shipping facilities. That can and should be expedited.",,0_0
"If I take the average annual increment from 1958-1981 and increase it by 1.5% per year until 2008, I get 385.35 ppmv. The Mauna Loa Observatory's value for 2008 is 385.57 ppmv.",,0_0
"The Canadian Energy Research Institute (CERI) estimates that the oil sands industry alone will add 3 percent to Canadas GDP by 2020 and will create, during the period to 2020, 5.4 million person years of employment, 44 percent of which will be outside Alberta. Currently the oil sands industry contributes toward 112,000 jobs across Canada and, according to CERI, over the next 25 years it is expected to contribute over 11 million person years of employment to Canada and $1.7 trillion to the Canadian economy.",,4_5
"Canadian climate scientist told the National Post that the research provides cover for the Bush administration's opposition to the Kyoto Accord, which attempts to rein in the release of carbon dioxide and other so-called greenhouse",,0_0
(5) When dissenting opinions are excluded from the relevant peer-reviewed literature not because of weak evidence or bad arguments but as part of a strategy to marginalize dissent.,,0_0
"Note from the Die Kalte-Sonne editors: The mainpoint of this post is to provide any analysis of natural cycles and their logical extension into the future. Unaccounted in the projection shownin Figure 4 is the climate impact of CO2, whose role in climate today is hotly disputed. In our book The Neglected Sun we presented two CO2 climate sensitivity scenarios: 1.0C and 1.5 C warming for a CO2 doubling. Current studies have corrected the original IPCC value of 3C strongly downwards (see our articles Studies from 2014 provide hope: warming effect of CO2 is considerably over-estimated. Official correction is imminent ). It will be exciting to watch how research will develop with respect to climate sensitivity over the coming years.",,0_0
"In the end, Bry concluded, he is willing to jump back in the fray again if it means getting a shot at bringing into this world a person capable of saving humans from themselves.",,0_0
"Although most of the money for such positions may be on the green side. Larry Bell bemoans at Forbes: How can I get some of that big oil anti-global warming money? Given that the budgets at NGOs such as Greenpeace and WWF are almost two orders of magnitude larger than the likes of Heartland, the prospects for climate and green energy skeptics dont look to good for climate analyst positions.",,0_0
"Climate Change / Global Warming: The UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) is called the worlds foremost authority on global warming / climate change. Using climate models, in 1990, the IPCC predicted significant, continuous global warming to 2012 and beyond. According to comprehensive satellite data, there has been no warming of the atmosphere for over a decade. According to the less comprehensive, but highly recognized surface data (from HadCRU), there has been no statistically significant surface warming for sixteen years. Should US government policy be based on predictions from models which are obviously failing? Why?",,1_4
"Note: 1 Method 3, that is taking the average of the 5 individual trends results in reject/reject for the IPCC 2C/century trend. However, as I noted, that is meaningless, as the uncertainty intervals only include the variation due to measurement uncertainty and fail to properly include weather.",,5_1
"As I said in Parliament, the inability of climate scientists to admit their ignorance is one of the reasons nobody trusts them. The Science Media Centre are just helping that process along in the wrong direction.",,0_0
"I also recognize as unscientific the creation of and adoration for Mr. Gores movie An Inconvenient Truth . This film, produced by Laurie David (ex-wife of Seinfeld creator Larry David), is filled with facts well-known to be (and acknowledged as such even by scientists employed in the making of the movie) hyperbolic at best and often out-and-out lies. That this is documentary created by a D student in earth science and a Hollywood leftist whose greatest prior accomplishment was marrying a very funny man is the educational tool being used to promote hysteria speaks volumes about how little there is to be truthfully said. The fact that those who continue to promote this propaganda effort, fully aware of the half-truths and out-right lies, makes clear that science (i.e. truth) is not, to them, sacrosanct. When scientists recognize that they cannot use the science to prove their science then, well, its probably not science.",,5_2
"So where exactly is the Svalbard Island Chain , and of what importance is it? Thrust into prominence by recent reports of rapid ice melting in one specific continental glacier, these islands are located north of Iceland along the giant Mid-Atlantic / Arctic Mid-Ocean Rift Complex.",,0_0
"These statements might fit well on a formal logic exam, but they are not real arguments, and they only encourage more of the overheated rhetoric that prevents a serious debate on climate change.",,0_0
"on Sunday, October 3rd, 2010 at 2:36 am and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
Writer Susan Sontag at a 1982 town hall rally for the Polish Solidarity movement. The shocked liberal audience nearly booed her off the stage.,,0_0
"The logic of this announcement is crazy the US government is already spending billions of taxpayer dollars propping up the struggling car manufacturers in the US, and yet in the name of climate change, Obama kicks them again hard while theyre down",,0_0
"As shown in the figure belowfrom Levitus et al 2012, they claim that the uncertainty range of the observations(thevertical lines on the red line)narrows to very small levels in recent years.",,0_0
"Senator Lieberman, on the other hand, seems to misunderstand the relationship between industrial activity and temperature. In Senate hearings earlier this year, Sen. Conrad Burns (R., Mt.) said in his statement that, Last year, the Washington Post reported that we had emissions decreased last year . One of the reasons was a 4.4 percent reduction in manufacturing output."" In his testimony that followed, Sen. Lieberman stated, ""Global warming is real. 2002, the second warmest year in record, slightly cooler than the record warm year of 1998 but, as Sen. Burns indicated, for reasons that we're not happy about because manufacturing is down."" Can Sen. Lieberman really believe that 2002 was only cooler than 1998 because there was a recession? Even the most extreme greenhouse theorist wouldn't argue that carbon emissions immediately affect the temperature.""",,0_0
"An R Plevin & Sons spokesperson said, Efforts to bring a fire under control on one of our wood piles is continuing. The wood pile is isolated and breaks between neighbouring wood piles increased to reduce the risk of the fire spreading. The damping down process is expected to carry on for several days.",,0_0
Thanks to Speedy for sharing his talent. Hes captured the pairs voices and genre to a tee (even though Id actually be shocked speechless if I heard them say this on the ABC).,,0_0
"If you are below 50 and in the top 40% of earners, do NOT expect to get",,0_0
And I am not conceding that the apparently elevated levels of carbon dioxide are driving global temperatures.,,2_3
"September 1, 2016 | Backgrounder on Energy and Environment",,0_0
Warmists propose that colder Northern Hemisphere winters since 1988 are due to global warming,,0_0
"Such claims have been repeatedly made by GBRMPA and would, if used by a business, constitute violations of advertising and corporate law. To see it done repeatedly and included in a report in a leading scientific journal is a sad indictment of GBRMPA sponsored science as well as basic honesty.",,0_0
"NASA-funded researchers Maosheng Zhao and Steven Running, of the University of Montana in Missoula, discovered the global shift during an analysis of NASA satellite data. Compared with a six-percent increase spanning two earlier decades, the recent ten-year decline is slight just one percent. The shift, however, could impact food security, biofuels, and the global carbon cycle.",,0_0
"Grandmother Mounts Legal Challenge to Scotland's Dash for Wind'""",,0_0
"Before accounting for the way in which allowances are allocated or revenues are redistributed, lower-income households are disproportionally affected by a GHG cap-and-trade policy because they spend a higher fraction of their incomes on energy-intensive goods.",,0_0
"The authors write that climate change is likely to produce more extreme precipitation events,"" citing Allan and Soden (2008); and they say that ""for the Mediterranean basin, several studies indicate a possible amplification of precipitation extremes associated with a decrease of precipitation totals (Gao et al ., 2006; Giorgi and Lionello, 2008),"" which ""could lead to an increased probability of occurrence of events inducing both floods and droughts (Gao et al ., 2006)."" So what has happened in this regard over the past half-century, in response to the supposedly unprecedented global warming that climate alarmists contend has occurred as a result of steadily rising anthropogenic CO 2 emissions?""",,5_2
"Much of that green will be depend upon appeasing priorities of a billionaire and climate activist named Tom Steyer who has indicated willingness to earmark $100 million or more to help put or keep congressional candidates who support his priorities. Steyer threatened in an open letter that Obama better reject Keystone or else! It warned: Given that none of the chief arguments being put forth by supporters of the pipeline remain standing, NextGen Action is going to be working with our friends and allies who are opposed to the development of Keystone XL to intensify our efforts in communicating what is the right policy choice to your Administration.""",,0_0
"the global mean temperature dropped to 2.725 K by now (outside the urban heat islands such as stars, plus minus the fractions of the degree from the image above), confirming worries about global cooling ;-)",,1_2
"As the temperature of the ocean surface rises in response to increases in diurnal and seasonal forcing factors, concentrations of DMS and its oxidation products (MSA and nss-SO 4 2- ) rise dramatically, inducing a negative feedback that tends to counter the impetus for warming. Hence, there is every reason to believe that the same negative feedback phenomenon operates in the case of long-term warming that could arise as a result of increasing greenhouse gas concentrations, and that it could substantially mute their combined climatic impact.",,3_1
"That imperative to reproduce used to be grounded in religion, but during the eighteenth century, secularization began to loosen the hold that religious practiceactually going to church rather than just self-identifying by sectused to have on people's behavior. The effect of religious practice on fertility is obvious from statistics. Indeed, the effects of religion on fertility can be so powerful that even if you're not the churchgoing type yourself, you'll be affected if your parents are.""",,0_0
"Earlier we added this to the list , now here is the description of the excuse. Basically what they are saying is that natural climate variability has overtaken the posited powerful effects of CO2 on climate.",,2_1
"We may reasonably wonder why they feel compelled to endorse this view. The IPCC??s position in its Summary for Policymakers from their Fourth Assessment (2007) is weaker, and simply points out that most warming of the past 50 years or so is due to man??s emissions. It is sometimes claimed that the IPCC is 90% confident of this claim, but there is no known statistical basis for this claimit??s purely subjective. The IPCC also claims that observations of globally averaged temperature anomaly are also consistent with computer model predictions of warming.",,5_1
"The reasons an El Nio did not continue to form this year in response to the Kelvin wave are well established. First, the atmospheric component of ENSO, the SO part, refused to cooperate. That is, the trade winds in the western equatorial Pacific did not weaken as expected to help reinforce the El Nio development. (The other reason, of course, was the upwelling (cool) Kelvin that formed in the wake of the downwelling (warm) Kelvin wave, the latter of which had everyone so excited earlier this year. That trailing cool Kelvin wave has now helped to counteract the warm Kelvin wave.)",,0_0
"11) Is Rising CO2 the Cause of Recent Warming? While this is theoretically possible, I think it is more likely that the warming is mostly natural. At the very least, we have no way of determining what proportion is natural versus human-caused.",,2_1
"Whatever the reason, prosecution is not the answer. If you can't stand the heat in the debate room, don't try and bar the doors to others.",,0_0
"Following in the heels of Corbyns forecast was the release of a new report by Dr. David Whitehouse , published by the Global Warming Policy Foundation, and what makes it fairly extraordinary after decades of global warming propaganda is that he concludes that there has been no statistically significant increase in annual global temperatures since 1997. Thats seventeen years of atrocious lies about a warming earth.",,1_4
"The best-known U.S. carbon-cutting legislation provides a good idea of just how costly such plans run. America's Climate Security Act, also known as the Lieberman-Warner bill, called for emission reductions of 63 percent below the 2005 level by 2050 (President Obama's much more ambitious plan is to cut emissions 83 percent below 2005 levels by 2050.). The Environmental Protection Agency projected that Lieberman-Warner could, by 2050, lower GDP by up to 6.9 percent, increase average gasoline prices by $1.40 per gallon, and raise electricity prices by 26 percent. Many private economic estimates were considerably higher.",,4_1
This lt communicate to understand Fri festival day would Begin.,,0_0
Prominent Warmists Urge Allies to Support Nuclear Power,,0_0
"Europe and its children, the white-skinned cultures of the temperate zone, began to confront the tropical world more than five hundred years ago, driven by a craving for profits. Commercial capitalism spread worldwide from northwestern Europe, promoted by gunboats and colonial bureaucrats. (Lessons, Richard P. Tucker, pp. 39-40)""",,0_0
"???Current datasets indicate no significant observed trends in global tropical cyclone frequency over the past century No robust trends in annual numbers of tropical storms, hurricanes and major hurricanes counts have been identified over the past 100 years in the North Atlantic basin",,1_7
"Voosen was correct in this. He took her supportive article and used it to question the premise of planetary overheating due to anthropogenic carbon dioxide additions. But he was wrong in saying she misinterpreted the comments he provided. Indeed, they demonstrate that the science of AGW is not settled, and the remaining questions of the power of CO2 are fundamental to whether we have a crisis of not.",,5_1
"Aussies refuse to dump beer fridges for sake of global warming""",,0_0
"A new study shows that flying squirrels have been adapting to recent warming since the 1990s by both moving and hybridizing. C.J. Garroway and his research team trapped more than 1600 of the flying squirrels in Ontario and Pennsylvania between 2002 and 2004. The flying squirrels' DNA shows the southern G. volans flying squirrels are increasingly mating with the northern G. sabrinus flying squirrels. The researchers say this is the first report of hybrid zone formation following a range expansion induced by contemporary climate change.""",,3_2
"It started when I said something like: the models do not work or if you predict warming and that predicted warming doesnt happen then the model/theory is invalid and not science. Well apparently the greenblob also work Saturdays, because one quite obnoxious individual just kept coming back with a whole lot of twaddle. In the past Ive found that if I just keep to the point and asked them to show me that the global average surface temperature had warmed by at least the lowest prediction of the IPCC prediction they would eventually give up.",,5_1
"Even if you have no scientific background whatsoever this is clearly wrong. Any observed increase in temperature at these stations must surely be due to the local, man-made heat sources rather than any purported change in the climate. It is extraordinary that these stations have found their way into the IPCC's temperature records without being noticed corrected.",,5_1
What right does the West have to dictate poverty to the rest of the world?,,0_0
"Washington flooded in 1936, due to water flowing down the Potomac. It has nothing to do with the ocean or sea level.",,1_7
The paper can also be found together with his chapter in ESEF's previous book on Global Warming.,,0_0
"JC comments : With substantial efforts in the U.S. to move away from coal, this article reminds of the global energy dynamics and economics that are in play. I checked the spot price of carbon on the EU TS, and it is about 5 Euros. The political feasibility of a global carbon market with a carbon price of 40 Euros per ton is probably zero.",,0_0
A New Theory of Everything: Reality Emerges from Cosmic Copyright Law (SciAm),,0_0
"When Gregg Easterbrook's voluminous book A Moment on the Earth: The Coming Age of Environmental Optimism was published in 1995, it received the predictable reaction from the environmental community: outrage. Despite or probably because of Easterbrook's bona fides as a mainstream-liberal writer for The New Republic, The Atlantic, The New Yorker, and Newsweek, the environmental lobby swung into full distort-and-denounce mode. The Environmental Defense Fund, for example, alleged the existence of factual errors that substantially undermine his thesis that many environmental problems have been overstated.""",,0_0
"This peer reviewed essay, which is heavily footnoted/referenced, addresses global warming and the possibility changes in policy would lessen its effects. The global warming impact of substituting natural gas for coal and oil is currently in debate. The paper compares the reduction of warming that would result from substituting gas for coal and some oil to the reduction which could be achieved by instead substituting zero carbon energy sources. The substitution of natural gas reduces global warming by 40% of that which could be attained by the substitution of zero carbon energy sources.",,0_0
Christie Todd Whitman really didnt know the difference between ozone depletion and global warming when she became EPA chief.,,0_0
"After the tour, we were treated to a lovely dinner in an equally eccentric and equally impressive family dining hall in the private section of the castle. The evening had turned cold, and Ill tell you, the castle would be a nightmare to heat. Its not much more than a drafty pile of stones, and in this case the stone walls are about four foot thick. Well, except for the walls on the vulnerable north side, which Sir Humphry said were built out from 8 foot to 20 foot thick in the early 1500s, to protect against cannon fire. Thats great for cannon fire ... but not for heating fires, build a fireplace on one side of those walls and see how long it takes for the other side to get warm ... brrr.",,0_0
"A computer reconstruction etc., 4 minutes. See 10 minutes .",,0_0
"The normalization of TA and DIC to a constant salinity subdues the buffering provided by salinity; while amplifying the acidification effect of increasing CO2. A realistic treatment of salinity, yields an insignificant lowering of pH from a doubling of pre-industrial CO2. Chicken Little of the Sea does not appear to be very dangerous.",,3_2
"New Jersey's attorney general Zulima Farber is finally out of a job. She was appointed by New Jersey Governor Jon Corzine despite having two highly-publicized bench warrants out for her arrest for her driving. Now she has finally been forced to resign after abusing her position to cancel a traffic ticket issued to her paramour, himself a serial ethics violator and tax cheat who had been repeatedly disciplined for taking advantage of the clients of his law firm.",,0_0
I dont have much patience for people who deny climate change,,0_0
"Going well beyond that and opening a new chapter in his approach to energy and climate, Mr. Obama promised up to $36 billion in federal loan guarantees for nuclear facilities and declared, we're going to have to build a new generation of safe, clean nuclear power plants in America. """,,0_0
"Gavin Schmidt who is involved in compiling the temperature record kept by NASA's Goddard Institute of Space Studies, a record which has repeatedly been found to have exaggerated and overstated recent warming.",,5_1
"EPA gets away with this by having activist groups posing as scientific bodies rubberstamp its pseudo-science. Since 2000, it has paid the American Lung Association more than $25 million, given its independent"" Clean Air Scientific Advisory Committee members over $181 million, and let CASAC deny membership to industry or other experts who might question EPA findings.""",,0_0
Senator Fielding says he would support any move by the Coalition to defer the vote .,,0_0
George Russell is executive editor of Fox News,,0_0
"By Donn Dears, Power For USA, Aug 14, 2015",,0_0
"The EPA statement is grossly misleading. There has been no warming in Alaska since 1978, and a sharp decrease in temperatures over the last five years.",,1_4
CEI Experts Available to Comment: Technology Director Clyde Wayne Crews and Policy Analyst Brooke Oberwetter on how private solutions can provide the best cybersecurity.,,0_0
"Although the high-speed rail project is dead, the downtown Madison area around the proposed rail station is set to be developed.",,0_0
"The other implication of Dr. Meier??s statement is that a warmer, ice free Arctic occurred when CO2 levels were less than 290 ppm. This implies that there is no long term correlation between CO2 and Arctic temperatures.",,2_3
"Does this tattling make any sense? This is the climate fervor. Sense has nothing to do with it. The tattling is sleaze over sense, and soap opera over substance. But lets burrow into the internal logic of it, anyway, without implying any external coherence.",,0_0
"Most people not directly affected by the layoffs consider such arguments petty in comparison with ?saving the planet.? It would only be by demonstrating that the impact threat was false that anti-deflection bureau advocates have any chance of winning the debate, but they dare not bring it up. Bureau supporters would be furious if the rug was pulled out from under their pet project.",,0_0
So we have two possible candidates for the station that made the red dot. Both have potential placement issues. It makes you wonder how many more of the dots in the HPRCC map have issue like this. I only spotted this one because it was such a large singular anomaly. I??ll check with HPRCC on Monday to see if they can identify the dot??s data origin for me. In the meantime I need help from our readers and volunteers.,,5_1
"Climate Change: Front and Center. Climate change came roaring back into the news this week when the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee unveiled its legislation on the subject, and the Environmental Protection Agency announced a rule to require big greenhouse gas emitters to install new pollution-control technology in new or modified facilities. In Newsweek, columnist George Will praised Kenneth P. Green and Steven F. Haywards latest Energy and Environment Outlook in which they argue that the House climate-change bill, Waxman-Markey, is an ""exercise in unreality."" While the outlook for legislation this year is unclear, Green and Hayward are tracking developments closely.""",,0_0
"In a 1983 study into vegetal species by Kimbal (1983) published in Carbon Dioxide Fertilizing Effects on Plant Biomass production and Water-Use Efficiency showed that, A doubling of atmospheric CO2 concentrations increased biomass production by an average of 33% in the vegetal species.",,3_3
"Obviously, things will calm down a bit once the excitement over the police raid drops away, but for now we can enjoy the moment of fame notoriety infamy. Infamy! infamy! theyve all got it infamy! :)",,0_0
"The failure to apply common sense to the New Source Review program has burdened American consumers and American industry with higher economic costs and higher levels of pollution than were envisioned by Congress when it wrote the Clean Air Act amendments of 1977. As EPA itself now admits,",,0_0
"Zimmermans Masters thesis, the foundation of the EOS paper, apparently did not appear on line until September 2011, two years and eight months after the EOS paper was published (how media and others could trumpet the results presented in the EOS paper without first examining the survey methodology and raw data is a topic for another blog posting). Zimmermans thesis can now be downloaded here for $1.98. It is well worth reading, not only to note the apparent researcher bias revealed in the introduction and the obvious flaws in much of the survey methodology, but also as an interesting summary of the problems in the research on consensus among climate experts to that point. Even more illuminating are the thesis appendices which include hundreds of comments from the scientists being polled. Therein, it is revealed that many of the very serious problems with the survey questions and methodology were pointed out repeatedly by the scientist respondents while the poll was being run.",,5_1
"Scientists have been basing their global warming predictions on the assumption that the concentration of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will accelerate. Now they have discovered that the growth rate has declined by about 25 percent since 1980, which throws a kink into their projections. This has occurred even though CO2 emissions continue to increase.",,0_0
"As every individual, therefore, endeavors as much as he can both to employ capital in support of domestic industry, and so to direct that industry that its produce may be of the greatest value; everyindividual necessarily labors to render the annual revenue of the society as great as he can. He generally, indeed, neither intends to promote the public interest, nor knows how much he is promoting it.",,0_0
"Fact 1. A mild warming of about 0.5 degrees Celsius (well within previous natural temperature variations) occurred between 1979 and 1998, and has been followed by slight global cooling over the past 10 years. Ergo, dangerous global warming is not occurring.",,1_4
Even the greenhouse effect itself is dominated by water. Between 75 percent and 90 percent of Earths greenhouse effect is caused by water vapor and clouds.,,2_3
"Move over David Crane. Enter Alex Epstein, the author of The Moral Case for Fossil Fuels .Might Crane debate Epsteinand soon? Thats an event that I would be sure to watch, and you should too.",,0_0
"Sex sells, as any ad guru or pornographer will tell you. So why not market global warming with nudity? The good news is that naked hippies is about the last gasp of the global warmers desperate attempts to save the hoax.",,0_0
"The plan was aimed at raising questions about and undercutting the ""prevailing scientific wisdom'"" on climate change, Newsweek claimed. The plan was leaked to the press and as a result was never implemented, according to Newsweek.""",,0_0
"For every nation, this coerced energy and economic deprivation will make it increasingly difficult to adapt to future climate changes that nature inevitably will bring our way. So much for the modern era. Mankind ought to have the wealth and technology to adapt far more easily than our ancestors were able to do.",,0_0
"It's been almost a year since we discovered one of the surprises in ObamaCare that Nancy Pelosi promised we'd find once we passed the bill a new federal law requiring all restaurant chains of 20 or more locations to put calorie counts on its menus. The mandate will creates a huge cost burden for restaurants not just in testing and printing costs for initial compliance, but every time the restaurant wants to add a new item to its repertoire. The extra cost will be worth it, say many, because it will change American eating habits once the benighted consumers realize the high amount of calories they consume when eating outside the home.Economics:""",,0_0
"2. Melting of the icecaps yet the icecaps in Antarctica and Greenland are actually increasing. Sea ice does not affect global sea level as it floats (Archimedes Principle). But the fact that Antarctic sea ice reached the greatest extent ever recorded in June 2014 suggests that this part of the world at least is getting colder, not warmer .",,1_1
"on Thursday, January 14th, 2010 at 9:41 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Needless to say, prominent alarmist scientists and the UNs Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) have not taken this view. They argue instead that the planet was cooler during both Roman times and the Medieval warm period.",,5_2
"And if you look at a 30-hour window, Hawaii experienced a whopping 45,000 lightning strikes. Once again, residents were out with cameras and smart phones.",,0_0
"Junk ad hoc climate science has no rules other than confirmation bias, and keeping the funding stream alive.",,5_2
Ice coverage is slightly about last years record low but still well below the 30-year average.,,0_0
It used to be that warm winters and cool summers proved global warming. Now it is the other way around.,,5_1
"In January 2012 we again warned of ethanol's environmental threat. We wrote about how the increased biofuel cultivation hurt the environment through increased use of pesticides, farmland expansion and agricultural runoff polluting our rivers and coastal waters.""",,4_4
"The Penn State inquiry exonerating Michael Mann?the paleoclimatologist who came up with ?the hockey stick??would be difficult to parody. Three of four allegations are dismissed out of hand at the outset: the inquiry announces that, for ?lack of credible evidence?, it will not even investigate them . Moving on, the report then says, in effect, that Mann is a distinguished scholar, a successful raiser of research funding, a man admired by his peers?so any allegation of academic impropriety must be false?",,5_2
"Hansen an accident-prone academic who has been something of an international scientific laughing-stock ever since he wrote an article in a UK scandal-sheet last year that sea level might rise 246 feet was not fired by NASA for saying, in effect, that the growing body of scientists who do not agree with his ill-founded, apocalyptic rodomontade should be killed.",,0_0
"This fall Congress will debate who should pay what to shrink America's carbon footprint, in order to fight climate change. Yet it might surprise you to learn that international law entitles the State of Mississippi to an exemption from any climate policy that would harm its economic growth.",,0_0
"The long-term change for the Arctic sea ice has been very consistent. It shows a decline over these (past) three decades especially in the summer. In the past 3-4 years Arctic sea ice has been below the average for the last 30 years. That's great but the Arctic is not the globe. It's one percent of it or so. There are other places of the world where no ""consistent"" warming has occurred at all. The simplest example is the object on the other side from the Arctic, the Antarctica. Have you heard of that continent? It's not enough to find one place on Earth that's consistent with your hypothesis. Quite on the contrary: it's enough to find one place that's inconsistent with it to falsify it.""",,1_1
"Another of the repellent tricks of Nazism and Fascism is to poke fun at the physical disabilities of one?s opponents. The Guardian, the British equivalent of Der Sturmer, the in-house journal of Hitler?s Sturmabteilung, has been running a rather childish hate-campaign against me for three years, ever since I successfully compelled it to publish a stinging letter of rebuke for its hapless environment correspondent, George Monbiot.",,0_0
"Cloud Telecomputers, a software innovator in business applications and IP telephony, today announced that it will be exhibiting Glass, its unique Android-based platform for desktop business smartphones, at AstriCon 2010 in National Harbor, Maryland from October 26-28.",,0_0
"The end of the last ice age was not triggered by rising CO2 levels, it was triggered by the Milankovich cycle. It nothing to do with humans back then, and it has nothing to do with humans now.",,2_1
"Bill McKibben of 350.org, which organized the recent Washington, D.C. rally against the pipeline (CFACT was there!) called Keystone XL the most important issue for the environmental movement in a very long time."" What about ""the oil will be developed with or without the pipeline' does McKibben fail to understand? Reality denial syndrome seems to take a severe toll on these enviro's ability to process and comprehend hard facts in the real world. They should probably stick to computer modeling.""",,0_0
Aus: No emission limit on new coal plants,,0_0
"1) Arctic temperatures were actually in decline during the 1980s, before falling further around 1993, presumably as a result of the Pinatubo eruption two years earlier.",,0_0
"In short, they are repeating all of their prior explanations for 40 years of political defeat. People are voting their pocketbooks, our voters won't vote unless they have something to vote for, and outside interests are once more conspiring to distract the voters with phony issues and slick ads. This, then, is the decisive point: Are liberal progressives right about recent American electoral history? Or do American voters fundamentally not want what liberal progressives have to offer?",,0_0
"But the pain from the new EPA rules won't be evenly distributed across America. Far from it. The coal producing states like West Virginia and Wyoming will see massive job losses and increases in electric utility costs. The nationwide costs will be about $100 billion a year eventually or a reduction in GDP by about one-half percentage point, the Heritage Foundation finds. But for heavily impacted states Republican areas in the Midwest, South and mountain states the costs will reach about $1,200 a year to average families. Mr. Obama's policies that have had such a crushing effect on middle-income family finances are about to get a whole lot worse.",,4_1
"The last statementwhich is the same now as it was then, is arguably the most important. Despite a record (or near record, depending on who you ask ) high for global temperatures in 2010, the general rate of warming over the past decade and half (going on two decades) is generally less than it was expected to be .",,5_1
"There is one linear chaotic climate state, however, that all can predictably count on. Don't expect any good news so long as many billions of taxpayer dollars reward agenda-driven political science fear mongering.",,0_0
The one-sided reporting and blind faith in climate change has infected politicians who are incapable of balancing the federal budget. So why put faith in them or the meteorologists who track with them that they can do anything other than talk about the weather?,,0_0
"Online searches of media coverage of the ice-bound warming expedition reveal efforts by the warming compliant media to bury the lead, with little or no mention of the nature of the expedition. The irony of global warming researchers stuck in ice is so dramatic, however, that it seems unlikely that they will be able to contain the damage.",,0_0
British Science Adviser Goes Beyond Parody,,0_0
"I like to explain the preference for natural-gas backups this way. Suppose you are going to cook a hamburger. You can cook it over charcoal or natural gas/propane. To use charcoal, you mound up the charcoal in the grill, soak it in lighter fluid, and toss in a match. You then wait 30 minutes for the coals to get nice and hot. Once hot, you put on your burger and cook it for 5 to 8 minutes. You remove your burger and leave the coals to die downwhich could take several hours. On natural gas/propane, you simply turn it on and light the grill. After giving it 5 minutes to heat up, you toss on your burger. When your burger is cooked, you turn off the grill, and it is cool in minutes.",,0_0
"It is hard to fathom why some of the redacted information, which would reveal nothing sensitive about government policymaking, was withheld. The federal government must have spent thousands of dollars' worth of attorney time unsuccessfully fighting to keep it from being disclosed. For example, a January 7 at 9:17 p.m. email from White House staffer Nathaniel Lubin to several White House and OSTP staffers redacted as privileged the number 836431812"" in the URL https://vimeo.com/83643182. This seems too trivial to warrant spending government employee time redacting it, especially from a communication about a video that allegedly just expressed the ""personal opinion"" of an agency official.""",,0_0
"The story seems to be that the land is rising, increasing the carrying capacity of the oceans. This would effectively reduce the amount of sea level rise expected, and we couldn't have that - hence the adjustment"". The effect of the adjustment appears to be small when put against the projected rises, but is certainly material against the actual changes recorded (although these are, per Morner, wrong).""",,5_1
"If youre waiting for me to say global sea surface temperatures cool during all La Nia events, youll be waiting a long time, because the sea surface temperature records dont show they cool during all La Nias. Let me clarify that: the sea surface temperatures for a portion of the global oceans do respond proportionally to El Nio and La Nia events, but in a much larger area, they do not.",,0_0
"Nevertheless, insisting that climate chaos"" was real, former EPA administrator Lisa Jackson wailed that her agency would need at least 240,000 new EPA employees (each making some $100,000 per year, plus benefits) that she said would be needed just to administer new CO2 regulations and control nearly everything Americans make, drive, ship, and do!""",,0_0
"America has won the lottery, Moore and White wrote. ""We have hit the jackpot. ... Achieving energy self-sufficiency will generate enough money in royalties and corporate income taxes to pay off much of the national debt without any other tax revenues.""",,0_0
"The US Senate's Gang on Eight"" are pictured during a news briefing on Capitol Hill in Washington, April 18, 2013.""",,0_0
last 100 years drawing upon a new observed global climate data set. Some,,0_0
"According to the scientists, global temperatures will fall another 0.15C by 2015, which corresponds to the climate of the early 1980s.",,1_4
"John Cook, of Skeptical Science fame, has an article in The Age, in which he is very rude about Bob Carter :",,0_0
"The election of Barack Obama has not brought comfort and confidence to the ranks of climate campaigners. To the contrary, there is an obvious sense of panic in the rhetoric of climate campaigners right now. This panic arises not simply from the fact that the global economic crisis is derailing expensive climate action plans, but from the deeper problem that the scientific case for catastrophic global warming is slowly unraveling. After two decades of steadily increasing global temperatures from the late 1970s to the late-1990swhich on the surface seemed to validate the basic claim of the global warming theorythere has been no warming for the last decade. This was unexpected and is starting to falsify the predictions of nearly every computer climate model. The climate campaigners are engaged in complicated contortions to explain away this inconvenient truth, but a few more years of flat or slightly declining global temperatures and the entire issue might turn turtle.",,1_4
"Pope herself is the principal source of the major recent apocalyptic prediction made by climate scientists ironically in a December article in the Guardian , Met Office warn of catastrophic rise in temperature",,5_2
"The major enforcement mechanisms that have emerged in international discussions are carbon tariffs and related trade sanctions on non-adhering exporters in international trade.The use of trade policy to enforce GHG mitigation agreements, however, could strain the international trading structure that has been so globally valuable, yet very difficult to assemble in the first place. Consider how long it takes to negotiate multilateral or even bilateral trade agreements, such as those ongoing between the US and the EU.",,0_0
"In the video, DiCaprio attributes global warming to mankind's destructive addiction"" to oil. He says ""big corporations"" and politicians gained too much money and power ""on our addiction,"" making them ""dangerously resistant to change.""",,0_0
Over 200 peer-reviewed papers demonstrating solar control of climate published since 2010,,2_1
"Retired Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor continues to hear cases in U.S. appeals courts, while also playing a role in public policy issues. Her critics say she should do one or the other, but not both.",,0_0
"The report also predicts that the number of days over 90 degrees Fahrenheit would increase from 13 to between 38 and 80 days per year, leading to increased mortality due to heat stress among the elderly. It also claims that children could be at risk because of health risks due to air pollution.""",,0_0
"Despite the inability of climate models to accurately represent global climate, this hasn't stopped scientists from using these same models to make precise predictions about the ostensible effects of human-induced climate change on relatively small regions of the Earth, such as California. For example, the Union of Concerned Scientists states without qualification rising temperatures, possibly exacerbated by declining winter precipitation, will severely reduce snowpack in the Sierra Nevada"" causing a substantial reduction in California's water supplies.""",,5_1
"Reviews are pouring in at amazon.com : 38 out of 46 reviewers give it 5 stars. Peter Gleick gives it 1 star, stating This book is a stunning compilation of lies, misrepresentations, and falsehoods about the fundamental science of climate change. It is difficult to believe that Gleick has read the book from the statements in his reviews; the book is not about the science of climate change. Rather, it is about the IPCC as an institution: the use of graduate students, WWF and Greenpeace sympathizers as IPCC authors; the use of gray environmentalist literature in IPCC (especially WG2); lack of conflict of interest oversight; the review process and the process producing the executive summaries; etc.",,5_2
"They were running a well-used page in their playbook get the legacy media to play defense for them, Chris Horner, who forced the public release of the emails by filing a ""Freedom of Information Act"" request, told FoxNews.com.""",,0_0
"How to get more of those resources is another major theme of many of the papers. As one of the documents focusing on food security notes, development assistance funding is less readily available and the donors are ever more focused on demonstrable results."" One suggestion: tap global philanthropies, as well as link together ""a broad range of public sector, business and civil society partners.""",,0_0
"Interestingly on the sixth page of this document , the Bureau both makes the point that 2013 was the hottest year on record for Queensland, while conceding that the period 2002-2013 shows short-term cooling.",,1_4
"Unfortunately, of course, the wind does not always blow. Even based on average demand of 52GW , we would need 30GW of back up capacity for when there is no, or little, wind output. If we need back up during winter peak demand, we would be looking at double this figure.",,4_4
"State Department Friday release: Keystone XL will have little environmental impact, but create 42,100 U.S. jobs",,0_0
"Cows eating feed enriched with the garlic compound called Allicin release 40% less gas without interference to their normal digestive fermentation, according to the research.",,0_0
"Why are we arguing the issue? Grantham asks. ""Challenging vested interests as powerful as the oil and coal lobbies was never going to be easy. Scientists are not naturally aggressive defenders of arguments. In short, they are conservatives by training: never, ever risk overstating your ideas. The skeptics are far, far more determined and expert propagandists to boot. They are also well-funded . . . The obfuscators' simple and direct motivationmaking money in the near term, which anyone can relate tocombined with their resources and, as it turns out, propaganda talents, have meant that we are arguing the science long after it has been nailed down.""",,0_0
"But medical examiners from six of Arizona's counties  four of which border Mexico "" tell the Arizona Guardian that they've never encountered an immigration-related crime in which the victim's head was cut off.""",,0_0
"In keeping with the total and complete stubbornness of the paleoclimate community, they use the most famous series of Mann et al 2008: the contaminated Korttajarvi sediments, the problems with which are well known in skeptic blogs and which were reported in a comment at PNAS by Ross and I at the time. The original author, Mia Tiljander, warned against use of the modern portion of this data, as the sediments had been contaminated by modern bridgebuilding and farming. Although the defects of this series as a proxy are well known to readers of skeptical blogs, peer reviewers at Nature were obviously untroubled by the inclusion of this proxy in a temperature reconstruction.",,5_1
"Heres the thing the computer models that predicted something more accelerated than what has actually happened since 1998 are the same ones predicting disaster in the long run. If they were wrong about the past 15 years, it is a good sign they are wrong about the long run, too.",,5_1
"Last week, the U.N.?s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, or IPCC, reported it was 95 percent certain that climate change was the result of human activity, specifically the burning of fossil fuels that emit ?greenhouse gases.?",,0_0
"Google's aggressive online growth increasingly has a counterpart in bricks and mortar, with the company's Mountain View headquarters mushrooming in the past four years to occupy more than 4 million square feet, or the equivalent of about 40 Home Depot stores.",,0_0
"Of course, had Rogers advocated energy policies that encouraged economic growth as opposed to economic contraction, energy efficiency wouldnt be so much of a threat to Duke Energy. Now Rogers will no doubt jump on the decoupling bandwagon (if he hasnt already) to preserve his profit margin.",,0_0
Good news from Down-Under -- Australia and the Cairns Group are taking the lead in trying to resuscitate the WTO's collapsed Doha Round. It may seem strange that a country on the Pacific Ocean is attempting to bridge the transatlantic gap between the U.S. and the European Union on agricultural issues. But the Cairns Group of 18 agricultural exporting countries has a 20-year history of being a key player in pushing for agricultural reform.,,0_0
"However, in looking at longer rainfall and river flow records, Prof. Lane shows that we have forgotten just how normal flooding in the UK is . He looked at seasonal rainfall and river flow patterns dating back to 1753 which suggest fluctuations between very wet and very dry periods, each lasting for a few years at a time, but also very long periods of a few decades that can be particularly wet or particularly dry. In terms of river flooding, the period since the early 1960s and until the late 1990s appears to be relatively flood free, especially when compared with some periods in the late 19th century and early 20th Century.",,1_7
"When I pointed out to him that he sounded a lot like Jimmy Carter, who put",,0_0
"Environment Magazine: Back When it Snowed': ""Losing Winter: As Climate Change Takes Hold, Our Coldest Season is the first Casualty'""",,0_0
That does not mean that passage of any bill by Congress will result in a surge of popular support. Health care costs are going to rise over the next several years no matter what.,,0_0
"That they fancy themselves as objective is embarrassing to me. No, I don?t consider myself completely objective either. But at least I can entertain alternative possibilities regarding the sensitivity of the climate system. If a scientist entertains anything that smacks of ?skepticism?, however, they are not allowed to play in the IPCC sandbox.",,5_1
"In fact, the 381-month periods plotted in the graph have the earlier period warming to be just slightly higher (+0.01C) than the modern warming.",,2_1
Estimates are that there are 8-12 million illegal immigrants in the US (Brewer's hispano-phobic allies would put the number much higher). They are mostly all drug dealers and criminals? Really?,,0_0
"8. They simply can not model what they do not know. ANY computer model can only tell you things in the domain of your present understanding. If your understanding is broken, so is your model. They know that CO2 is causal (despite the data) and that is what they model, ergo what they find. The truth is that we really dont know how weather and climate work completely, so any model can at best be used to show places to do more research, not to make policy. They dont predict, they inform of our ignorance.",,5_1
"It has been an exciting and eventful year at The Talkshop. This is reflected in the site stats, which show strong increases in traffic, especially around the Lisbon conference back in January , the scientific work done mid year and obviously Climategate 2 and the aftermath . I want to emphasise though that it is the solid contributions from our guest authors and my co-mod and contributor Tim Channon which are the backbone of success here, not my flash in the pan PR stunts! For this reason, I have changed the site title at the top of the page to be simply: The Talkshop , though the url will remain as tallbloke.wordpress.com for reasons of the way we are embedded in the internets search systems. The domain I bought at thetalkshop.info currently does a simple web-forward to wordpress, but Ill be doing some nifty DNS work so that we can host currently unsupported filetypes such as excel spreadsheets for download.",,0_0
Imagine you this. How many do you think will be conscientious and sort right every time? It rs easy to a gldlampa slip into the ordinary waste.,,0_0
07-27 07-28 New 07-29 07-30 07-31 08-01 08-02,,0_0
"They agree with the defenders of the left-right-symmetric explanation of the bump that the particle that decays in order to manifest itself as the bump is a new spin-one boson, namely a \(Z'\). But its corresponding \(U(1) a\) symmetry may be anomalous: there may exist a mixed anomaly in the triangle\[",,0_0
"David Bier: Real reform for legal immigration means making it easier particularly for short-term workers, and the only way that will happen is if Obama stands up to unions. But is he really willing to do that? Not so far. Unions want regulated immigration, not free market immigration.",,0_0
"The resulting media hand wringing has reinforced European support for the Kyoto climate protocol, and increased attacks on the United States for not complying with it. But regardless of what the Europeans say it is extremely unlikely that America will comply, not least because its own glaciers are increasing in size (at least the major ones in Alaska). Also the more balanced funding to US research institutions is leading to studies that analyse receding, as well as advancing, glaciers on a global basis. The result will be a furthering of American scepticism about impending doom, ultimately polarising opinion against Europe's pro-Kyoto stance.",,0_0
"What is indisputable is that storms do much more damage than in the past. This has nothing to do with worse weather but is due to the fact that population has surged, with ever more people living in low-lying and storm-prone areas, so the number of people and the amount of infrastructure being affected is far higher than in the past.",,1_7
What are the major international efforts to stopping global warming?,,0_0
"Finally, and probably most important, is the demise of believing in social progress. For a long time, economic growth was closely linked to the more general idea of progress, including scientific and cultural advances. A more prosperous society was also seen as having the potential to be more humane. But as social pessimism has gripped America, the vision of the progressive potential of economic growth has also diminished.",,0_0
the 11 Patriots footballs measured by the officials at halftime did not all start the game at or near the same pressure,,0_0
"However, the real world isn't a classical model of quantum mechanics. The real world is an intrinsically, genuinely quantum system. It's not a classical caricature, it's the real quantum thing, stupid. It doesn't need (and it doesn't allow) any superluminal communication whatsoever. The contradictions with special relativity only exist if we demand that the world isn't quantum; it's a classical model of a quantum world. But the world isn't a classical model and that's why these contradictions evaporate. For this reason, special relativity and quantum mechanics are on the same side of a barricade"". Special relativity is another argument why we must accept that quantum mechanics with its positivist, probabilistic rules is the only right description while any attempt to ""emulate"" quantum mechanics by something that isn't truly quantum is just wrong.""",,0_0
"After a tremendous backlash from the vast majority of American farmers who want access to biotech crops as well as both Democratic and Republican farm-state politicians the USDA finally relented and approved Roundup Ready alfalfa without the planting restrictions at the end of January 2011. But this is hardly a case of no harm, no foul."" As Illinois farmer John Reifsteck wrote, ""The problem is that Vilsack let politics hijack the regulatory process. He very nearly capitulated to a small group of outspoken activists who think that the retrograde methods of organic farming should take precedence over just about every other form of agriculture, including highly productive methods that are essential if we're serious about keeping people fed and food prices in check.""",,0_0
"NASA in 1999: Winter in the Northern Hemisphere will continue to warm' Warmists in 2010: ""Global warming means colder and snowier winters in Europe and North America' Nostradamus Science: Warmist predict anything could potentially happen then any climate event is conveniently ""consistent' with their global warming theory!""",,0_0
b) Asian women working full-time earned only about 3% less per week ($841) than the average full-time male worker ($871) in 2014.,,0_0
"In the words of the seven researchers who conducted the analysis, these results suggest that forests may suffer less damage during each ice storm event of similar severity in a future with higher atmospheric CO 2 ."" In addition, they say that ""the lessening of crown breakage by ice storms in a future CO 2 -enriched atmosphere may allow loblolly pine to expand its range northerly."" Reviewed 13 December 2006""",,3_3
"Ice Ages and Sea Level Watts Up With That? According to these calculations, the Earth is at the beginning of a 20,000 year plunge into the next ice age. Re: Now They Tell Us - Greg Pollowitz - Planet Gore on National Review Online I was at an investing conference where one of the panelists basically said: all this talk about electric cars and solar panels and such is great, but what we're talking about here is a 50-year solution, not a five-year one."" Just in time for Malia Obama's inauguration.""",,1_2
"On January 1, emissions from airplanes come under control in the European Trading System, the EU's over-arching greenhouse gas control scheme. Since not much can be done to reduce airplane greenhouse gas emissions, that basically means airlines will be taxed on whatever they emit. And it wouldn't only be European airlines that were taxed, it would, in theory, be any airline that flies to or from the EU. That's not sitting too well with non-EU countries, including the United States.",,0_0
"President Obama's speech at West Point yesterday was touted in advance by his team as an important opportunity to lay out his vision for American leadership in the world. In that sense it was a success, in that there was indeed a vision, and that it was laid out. But the victories stop there, for the speech and for American foreign policy.",,0_0
INTERNET - Judge Rules That Sharing Porn Is Okay,,0_0
"* Kavavaugh seems to make this point but says that the language ?each pollutant subject to regulation under this Chapter? does not occur in the section on PSD permitting . It does. Thus, I think he meant that the ?any air pollutant? language of CAA 169 does not occur in the PSD permitting section.",,0_0
"Similarly, climate alarmists are now scrambling to find new shelter from the stress coming from a public that increasingly realizes their doom-and-gloom predictions of climate chaos are based on shoddy data, faulty computer models, and perhaps outright deception. The alarmist scientists have put themselves in a climate cataclysm box, and are desperate to protect their reputations, predictions, and funding.",,5_2
16a. The ability of global climate models to reproduce temperature observations,,0_0
"I said at that time that this claimed accuracy, somewhere around five thousandths of a degree (0.005C), was well highly unlikely.",,5_1
"For many years, environmental activists have pushed for bans, moratoria, or other restrictions on hydraulic fracturing (fracking), alleging the process is a threat to public health and the environment. But in recent months, increasing numbers of environmentalists have distanced themselves from the ban fracking agenda. Many have even embraced shale gas on environmental grounds, revealing how extreme and marginalized the campaign to restrict hydraulic fracturing has become.",,4_5
"In northeastern Germany, March is the coldest since at least 130 years ago. In Saxony-Anhalt, Brandenburg and Berlin, the DWD average temperatures measured up to almost minus two degrees, which lie very close to the previous March-cold record from 1883. In the last four days of the month will determine whether there is even a record. It would then be the coldest March since records began 1881st",,1_3
"And nope, like most of those other sinful deniers, I don't get paid to think in any tank.",,0_0
"The role of capitalism and free markets in raising people out of poverty was acknowledged by Pope John Paul II in his Encyclical Centesimus Annus"" in 1981. He wrote: ""The obligation to earn one's bread by the sweat of one's brow also presumes the right to do so. A society in which this right is systematically denied, in which economic policies do not allow workers to reach satisfactory levels of employment, cannot be justified from an ethical point of view, nor can that society attain social peace.""",,0_0
"In fact, the paper argues that any new agreement should be based and built on the structures of the old Kyoto deal, with developed country Parties taking the lead in greenhouse gas emission reduction.",,0_0
"Climate Science Destroyed, Online Drug Advertising and Opposing Net Neutrality",,0_0
"As this is being written, the State Department just released a report that would clear the way for the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline from Canada after a 5-year delay by the Obama Administration. Pipelines are the safest way to transport oil and natural gas. If the U.S. cannot gain access to the oil, it will go to China and other nations.",,0_0
The main purpose of the interview was to establish if the government thought the recent and continuing pause in global temperatures meant it should re-think its policies in response to global warming.,,1_4
"By Marlowe Hood, Paris (AFP), Aug 10, 2015",,0_0
Declining Discount Rates and Economic Growth Rates,,0_0
"A.A. Boretti, an Australian scientist who has studied satellite radar altimeter data covering the past 20 years, discovered that the average rate of sea level rise is just under 3.2 mm a year. That rate would cause a sea levels rise of just under 32 cm (12 inches)by the year 2100, not the 100 cm that is currently being advocated.",,1_6
The fraudulent documents created by the IPCC modelers generate massive increases in carbon dioxide emissions over the next century.,,5_2
"Since the nighttime temperatures are rising three times as fast as the daytime temperatures (Karl et al., 1993), it implies a non-climatic signal in the nighttime data equal to about one half of the total warming. It implies the reported global warming of 0.6 C in the twentieth century should be reduced to about 0.3 C.",,5_1
"c) If it were not for Revellefaktorn would distinguish a further factor of about 10 in frdelningen between the atmosphere and ocean (like the carbon dioxide-air and distilled water, Dr. partitionsjmvikten according to Henry Lagligger p about 1 part in air and 50 water) .Revellefaktorn will not the p Another way of reasoning, because the (experimental) livslngden for a carbon dioxide molecule in the atmosphere already include its effect.",,0_0
"If that 110-month IPCC overshoot were to continue for 100 years, the IPCC?s prediction would exceed the measured trend by almost 1.5 C . Though the IPCC projects that the world should have warmed by 0.12 C (1.33 C /century) since 2005, the mean of the RSS and UAH satellite datasets shows cooling of 0.01 C (0.15 C /century). The predicted and actual trends continue visibly to diverge.",,0_0
"The NZ temperature record averages seven weather stations Auckland, Masterton, Wellington, Nelson, Hokitika, Lincoln and Dunedin through the twentieth century. But there are many gaps and flaws up to about 1930 and, apart from these seven, there are very few other records to use as benchmarks.",,0_0
"Theres at least one big potential problem with that theory. Although atmospheric CO2 levels have risen, global temperatures have been flat for going on the past 17 years.",,1_4
"David Parker, at the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research in Berkshire, says ultimately, British children could have only virtual experience of snow. Via the internet, they might wonder at polar scenes or eventually feel"" virtual cold.""",,0_0
"new un sanctions resolution several months later. Indeed, the inconvenient fact for",,0_0
"Then in 2010, Kerry and fellow Senator Joe Lieberman co-sponsored a failed attempt to pass a cap-and-trade end-run called the American Power Act."" A more appropriate description, however, would have been ""American power grab"" since, in reality, it had little to do with developing our nation's vast domestic fossil energy resources. Rather, it emphasized ways to mitigate the alleged effects of carbon-based energy upon climate and expand government bureaucracy by creating at least 60 expensive new agencies and projects.""",,0_0
"Overturning the Timing Rule would limit the EPA's greenhouse regulations to mobile sources. EPA would have to mothball its big plans to impose greenhouse permitting requirements on new and modified power plants, steel mills, cement production facilities, paper and pulp factories, and other large industrial installations. That would validate criticism that the agency is bent on expanding its power regardless of the law.",,0_0
"In the past five years, the dynamic of the global warming debate has shifted away from exaggerated acceptance of the worst possible implications of what a majority of climate scientists tell us, towards a more balanced, and questioning approach.",,0_0
"An upward shift in global surface temperatures would definitely help the models for a few years, but, because the global surface temperatures warmed in a step, the hiatus period that followed would again cause a continued divergence between the models and the real world. See Figure 3 for a model-data comparison starting in 1979 and running through 2030.",,5_1
"The fallout of Climategate is slowly but surely unfolding right where it hurts a large number of special interestsin the field of business. Yes, the carbon trading business is now in the line of fire. Under a cap-and-trade system, a government authority first sets a limit on emissions, deciding how much pollution will be allowed in all. Next, companies are issued credits, essentially licences to pollute, based on how large they are, and what industries they work in. If a company comes in below its cap, it has extra credits which it may trade with other companies, globally.",,0_0
"Funniest thing about this climate nonsense is the sense of supreme importance many (like our opponents in the paper) feel. Politicians feed egos of scientists and their hangers on because, for now, these folks are useful in advancing the agenda-of-the-moment. But, as always happens, manias morph and something new will capture attentions. How sad some will be when the phone stops ringing! Perhaps the mere thought of this misery is what accounts the vehemence of the debate.",,0_0
"Cabinet had discussed the idea of ratifying the Kyoto Protocol many times, ever since it was negotiated in 1997. Robert Hill had done a sterling job at the Conference in negotiating a target for Australia that frankly looked impossible at the outset. At the time I was surprised that, after investing so much effort in getting such a good outcome, we did not ratify it. The reason was that the protocol, by leaving out huge emitters in the developing world, was going to have little impact on global climate change. The protocol was flawed by the fact that it covered only the developed world.",,4_2
IPCC overblows Bangladesh doomsday forecasts in 2007 4AR.,,5_2
"By May 1, snowpack levels in many basins were in uncharted territory, higher than any recorded during the SNOTELera, since the late 1970s. The Tower site near Steamboat Springs, which on average receives more snow than any other SNOTELsite in the Colorado River basin, reached a record 202 of snow on the ground at the end of April, containing a record-tying 71 of water equivalent (Figure 1). Incredibly, as of May 23, the SWEat Tower has increased to 79. In Utah, all three river basins in the Wasatch region (Bear, Weber, and Provo) had record snowpacksfor May 1, all at over 200% of average for the date. On May 23, the Snowbird, Utah SNOTELwas recording 75 of SWE, which is about 180% of the average SWE for that site, which usually occurs in late April.",,1_3
"Katharine talks specifically about trees flowering earlier , so can we identify any seasonal changes? Lubbock lies in Division 1, in Texas, so lets look at the winter temperatures from NCDC for there.",,0_0
cap and trade (a price on carbon via an overall limit on emissions paired with some form of market for such pollution permits),,0_0
"See also another related Tuesday article, What a light Higgs would mean for the future of particle physics .",,0_0
"As a RC myself, it is not yet clear to me if the Vatican takes that view, or restricts the sin to the actual sexual intercourse between consenting adults of the same gender. Officially, they say thelatter is true. However, this would clearly contradict Matthew 5:27-28 :",,0_0
"That??s an efficiency gap greens can??t account for. The coal and steel industries became far more efficient as they matured. Solar panels may yet become more efficient, it??s possible they might attain 40% efficiency soon. But they need to be replaced every 20 years, and they don??t make sense without generous subsidies.",,4_4
?Forecasters produced seasonal forecasts by using the computer projection combined with values for changes in factors after October.,,0_0
"Russia's representative at the G8 and chief economic adviser to President Vladimir Putin, Andrei Illarionov, attacked Kyotism"" in a speech in Moscow on February 19. According to the Moscow Times, Illarionov said, ""I have called my speech 'The Return of Gosplan,'"" . He went on, ""But the proposed mechanism would decrease quotas year by year.... So it may be more correct to call it the return of the gulag.""",,0_0
"In the press, the hottest topic throughout the summit was the Kyoto Protocol. The 1997 agreement expires in 2012. Currently, it is the main mechanism used by the warmists internationally to limit emissions and raise money. It basically forces developed countries, accounting for less than one-fourth of total global emissions, to cut back on releasing carbon dioxide through the Clean Development Mechanism. The money raised by selling ?carbon credits? is used to finance ?green? projects in poorer countries.",,0_0
The fact that carbon emissions are going up inexorably in spite of many projects across the globe already raises a simple question What are we getting for our money?,,0_0
"Climate Consensus"" Opiate, The 97% Solution""",,0_0
CEI: Like 90 percent marginal rates?,,0_0
"For summer months, the century scale trend is slightly down. But there is still no large century scale trend in drought.",,1_7
Oh boy. BIG problem with Jeff IDs point that you quoted above.,,0_0
"Most major environmental improvements occur as older, inefficient plants and machinery with high air pollutant emissions are replaced with new, more efficient, and more environmentally benign plants and machines. NSR, like other end-of-the-pipe environmental mandates, slows the replacement process by grandfathering existing facilities (which increases their asset value) and raising the price of new construction. In light of the progress being made to improve air quality prior to 1970, it is plausible NSR has done more to slow than to speed up progress toward greater efficiency and less emissions.",,0_0
"It's not that this time members of the intellectual class have been swept away by passion and become votaries of anger and loathing. Alas, intellectuals have always been prone to employ their learning and fine words to whip up resentment and demonize the competition. Bush hatred, however, is distinguished by the pride intellectuals have taken in their hatred, openly endorsing it as a virtue and enthusiastically proclaiming that their hatred is not only a rational response to the president and his administration but a mark of good moral hygiene.",,0_0
"In April, the Parliament in Strasbourg voted against artificially propping up the price of Emission Trading System carbon permit prices following the collapse of energy demand in connection with the Continents economic crisis. While the low price of carbon allowances is great for energy customers, you can be assured that it is viewed very differently by so-called renewable energy and carbon credit trading promoters who depend upon higher-than-market fossil fuel prices to stay in business. The Parliaments veto reflects encouraging recognition that unwarranted, economy-ravaging carbon rationing is a feverish folly.",,0_0
"Im not to going to say too much on this article from the Discovery channel, as frankly the levels of stupidity it displays are just jaw-dropping.",,0_0
"Many people think CEI was founded on the principles of classical liberalism. But Fred Smith started CEI in 1984, about the same time the Clintons were putting their political careers into high gear. And I like to think that CEI is really founded on the Clinton Principles:",,0_0
"At the very least, how can Pederson, with a straight face, accuse Murphy of lack of ethics, thereby slandering Murphy's journalistic reputation, when Murphy is simply basing his opinion on scientific data? In other words, at least in my opinion, Pederson slandered Murphy and owes him an apology.",,0_0
Labour Minister Margaret Beckett freslog from five years ago to Climatedeniers would frbjudas to use the internet. Criticism of the official climate science would be outlawed in the same way as possession of child pornography.,,0_0
It comes after officials for the panel were forced earlier this month to retract inaccurate claims in the IPCCs report about the melting of Himalayan glaciers.,,0_0
"Norman Myers himself says Unfortunately, we live in a world without sufficient scientists, funding, and above all, time to undertake a conclusive check."" And in 1989 he wrote, ""Regrettably, we have no way of knowing the actual current rate of extinction in tropical forests, nor can we even make an accurate guess."" (Scarcity, pp. 77 and 40)""",,0_0
"I, and a number of other scientists, believe that nature has a thermostatic control mechanism that pushes back against a warming influence, such as the relatively weak warming from more atmospheric carbon dioxide. (The direct warming effect of more CO 2 would amount to little more than 1 deg. F by late in this century, and is generally not the subject of debate.)",,3_1
The world is on a trajectory to raise the mean global temperature by at least 3 degrees C by the end of the century.,,0_0
"It finds that the gap between rhetoric and reality is dangerously wide, on the basis of some of the simplest premises of engineering and technology.",,0_0
"Useful ones might be Baldwin, Benestad (written on the solar/cloud",,0_0
"We are, in effect, bulldozing the Gardens of Eden. Al Gore, Earth in the Balance, p. 144""",,0_0
"The IPCC has framed the climate change problem in the context of anthropogenic forcing, and national funding has followed suit. There has been far too little emphasis on understanding the sun and solar-climate interactions, I see a few signs that this situation is improving.",,0_0
"First, we could stop doing things that make the risks worse. For example, we should eliminate the subsidized flood insurance that leads people to live in flood plains and on eroding coastlines. We should end the subsidized hurricane insurance that leads people to live in areas prone to hurricanes, where even small increases in force could cause major harms. We might eliminate the water and farm subsidies that lead people to live and farm in areas where even small increases in drought cause hardship. And we should eliminate fire insurance subsidies that lead people to live in areas that tend to burst into flames during warm periods.",,0_0
"Ironically, settling with As You Sow buys businesses little. Settlements typically involve businesses agreeing to be continuously monitored by As You Sow and the posting of As You-Sow-drafted warnings to scare customers. Rather than enduring a brief public relations battle, As You Sow's targets sign-up for a permanent anti-business watchdog and perpetually frightened customers not to mention aiding and abetting the advancement of As You Sow's left-wing social agenda.",,0_0
"These concerns may be part of the reason Democrats on the Hill backed off as soon as practical questions about the event were being raised. Unlike Inhofe, Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-KY, merely refused to let Reid's bill on Gore's concerts clear the Senate with unanimous consent."" According to The Hill, McConell wasn't necessarily opposed to hosting the concert at the Capitol, but ""wanted more time for his side to look at the resolution."" Reid soon backed off, and Gore announced that the concert would be in New Jersey. The fact that Reid and Gore didn't push harder suggests that they may never have wanted an actual concert on the Capitol grounds, but merely an issue to beat-up Republicans with.""",,0_0
"It is certainly true that voters need to understand better the most important facts relevant to allegedly dangerous, human-related global warming. So let us list the five most salient facts the minister might try to communicate in his advertisements.",,0_0
"The math often is applicable, of course; usually for simple problems and in small cases the results of which would not be in much dispute even without the use of probability and statistics. Take, for example, a medical trial with two drugs, D and P, given to equal numbers of patients for an explicitly definable disease that is either absent or present. As long as no cheating took place and the two groups of patients balanced, then if more patients got better using drug D, that drug is probably better. In fact, just knowing that drug D performed better (and no cheating and balance) is evidence enough for a rational person to prefer D over P.",,0_0
"Equally interesting is the other phenomenon happening on the new Rimland: the so-called territorialization of the seas. The belated implementation, in the 1990s, of the 1982 Law of the Sea (UNLOS) and in particular of the 200 mile Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZ), has had over time unintended effects. Due to the existence of more than one hundred EEZs, 32 percent of the ocean is today under some sort of national jurisdiction. We are talking an area of 28 million square miles, i.e. four times the size of Russia (America's EEZ itself is two-thirds the size of the continental United States and accounts for 30 percent of the U.S. oil production).",,0_0
"She then attempts to frame Bjorn Lomborg as a convert from scepticism, using some highly selective quotes from past newspaper interviews:",,0_0
"By steadfastly adhering to the false idea that solar input is freezing cold at -18 degrees C, and never questioning it, and never thinking about the real-time physics, they are forced to invent on paper a mechanism where something cold heats itself up with its own energy. Reality simply doesnt do this and we all know that. The input to the Earth is not -180C with the greenhouse effect amplifying it to +15 degrees C. The input to the Earth is +30 degrees C as a linear average, and this average is composed of a maximum of +121 degrees C, and the related flux input has enough strength to deposit an enormous amount of trapped energy in the latent heat of liquid and vaporous water, which the -180C input simply cant do. -18 degrees C input doesnt conserve the physicsnot without making up the greenhouse effect to make up the difference to what the Sun actually does with its real-time flux.",,0_0
"With fewer people than expected, pollution should decrease from expected levels, as should consumption of oil. Clean water and clean air should be more plentiful. We know that many of these people will be richerdriving more cars, consuming more resources. We also know that wealthy countries tend to be better at cleaning up their pollution than poor nations. With fewer people, open spaces should also be more abundant.",,0_0
"Conservation is part of the answer. Higher electric prices will induce consumers to conserve, thus reducing demand, but supply must be addressed as well. While dismaying consumers, higher electric rates will also encourage suppliers to find new sources of energy. For a price, more power can be bought from elsewhere. In this emergency, environmental rules that limit electric power output should be temporarily lifted.",,0_0
Here??s sorted list of North Atlantic hurricane ACE numbers from 1950-2013 ??? this year tied for 5th lowest on record http://models.weatherbell.com/ace thru dec31 sort.dat,,1_7
"Lewis Deane on October 9, 2013 at 10:09 pm",,0_0
"For this reason, I also agree with Steven Mosher, an independent climate skeptic (with experience in graduate studies in literature and management in 3D graphics companies) who has also co-authored a book about Climategate . In a guest blog post,",,0_0
"Hallucination: Obama wants 80% of energy from clean' sources by 2035""",,0_0
A study from the National Academy of Sciences on the health effects of radiation raises alarm about even extremely low exposure levels.,,0_0
Will UK get towers of power ... or a load of hot air?,,0_0
Final Tab for Pelosi's Speakership: $5.34 Trillion in New Debt Or $3.66 Billion Per Day:,,0_0
"on Monday, October 25th, 2010 at 1:58 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"What can we conclude from all this? Obviously the models do not even come close to properly reproducing the reconstructed temperatures of the past. This brings us to a fork in the road, with each path leading to a completely different destination: 1) geologists would likely trust their temperatures and have doubts concerning the reliability of the climate model. Or 2) mathematicians and physicists think the reconstructions are wrong and their models correct. The latter is the view that the Lohmann troop is initially leaning to. We have to point out that Gerrit Lohmann studied mathematics and physics, and is not a geo-scientist. Lohmann et al prefer to conjure thoughts on whether the dynamics between ocean conditions and the organisms could have falsified the temperature reconstructions, and so they conclude:",,5_1
"Atmospheric radiation absorption and emission are dominated by the presence of all three phases of H 2 O. Like all molecules, CO 2 only absorbs and emits specific spectral wavelengths (14.77 microns) that constitute a tiny fraction of solar radiation energy in Earth's atmosphere. The first 50 ppm of CO 2 absorbs about half of this tiny energy , each additional 50 ppm absorbs half of the remaining tiny fraction, so at the current 380 ppm there are almost no absorbable photons left. CO 2 could triple to 1,000 ppm with no additional discernable absorptionemission. This is the Beer-Lambert Law: The intensity of radiation decreases exponentially as it passes through an absorbing medium.",,2_3
"And in fact, a plain reading of two of the key studies that the White House and EPA deadlocked on is quite revealing. Far from being a settled matter, as environmental activists claim, both reportseven the one that the White House did not favorare quite clear about the extent of the remaining uncertainty, and the importance of focusing on that uncertainty rather than disguising it.",,0_0
"Eleven years ago, in 2004, Crater Glacier already contained more ice than before the 1980 eruption, and was growing thicker at the rate of 15feet (5meters) per year.",,1_1
"Did you get a raise last year? Seventy-four percent of White House staffers did, according a Gawker analysis of the White House's annual salary reports to Congress. Probably for the great job they're doing with the economy.",,0_0
"This packagewhich provides a wealth of information toreporters, policymakers, scientists, educators, the publicand students of all levelsis posted on NSFs website .",,0_0
"To explore the indirect ways that people use energy, we examined input-output tables from the Bureau of Economic Analysis for 2006, the latest year for which data are available. The core of the input-output accounts consists of two basic national accounting tables: a Make"" table and a ""Use"" table. The Make table shows the production of commodities by industry. Each row shows all the commodities produced by a specific industry with the row total being the industry's output. Each column shows the total output of a specific commodity from all industries. The Use table shows the use of commodities by intermediate and final users. In contrast to the Make table, the rows in the Use table present the commodities, and the columns display the industries and final users that use them. The Use table is sometimes referred to as the ""recipe"" matrix because it shows the components that are necessary for producing the output of each industry.""",,0_0
"How African poverty is considered to be less of an issue than alleged dangerous climate change, shows which planet Mr. Juniper inhabits. In any event, the discussions on climate change have gone very well,"" said Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin, referring to talks held in the absence of UK Prime Minister Tony Blair who had temporarily traveled to London for police briefings. And as he returned last night security has been stepped up in Gleneagles and across Scotland after Thursday's blasts. But the London bomb attacks will not damage the chances of leaders reaching agreements at the G8 summit, British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has said.""",,0_0
"And that is because they couldn't use Dieldrin, an insecticide banned by the UN Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs). Dieldrin was sprayed across the path of the approaching hoppers and its persistence meant that a single spray of a thin barrier strip was enough to wipe out vast swathes of hoppers for weeks. There are alternatives, but none are anywhere near as cost-effective (on a useful lifecost basis alternatives are at least eight times as expensive), and for debt-laden cash-strapped countries of the Sahel lack of Dieldrin meant not stopping the hoppers.",,0_0
"If the Met Office is right, and temperatures rise to record levels in the next 5 five years, then the sceptics will have no-where to hide. If the Met Office is wrong, and in the next few years we have not exceeded 1998 temperature levels, then this would cause big questions to be asked remember their simulations rule out zero trends for 15 years or more.",,1_4
"This is, in fact, a global trend as many developing nations such as India do the same thing. Nor will they suddenly shut down electricity production fifteen years from now.",,0_0
"So, to save your benefits, you are going to have your taxes increased. And since Social Security, like every government program, is leaky, and since it pays a negative rate of return, you are going to have to pay present value of more than a dollar of taxes to save present value of a dollar of benefits. That is a bad investment. If you are still in your productive years, be ready to see your benefits go bye-bye and fight like hell to keep taxes down. And save, save, save.",,0_0
"Prof Brian Cox is a physicist who was the main presenter of the one-hour-long 2011 BBC special,  Guide to the Moon "", among many other programs. You may expect him to know something about the Moon; you may also be wrong. How does it work in practice? Steve Davis pointed out the following cute story; see the Student Room :""",,0_0
"As talks resume next month to forge legislation to act as a successor to the failed Kyoto Protocol, CEI looks forward to OSTP ceasing this unlawful activity and providing prompt access to the requested records so the taxpayer can know what they, and the IPCC, are up to.",,0_0
"As I have written elsewhere, the model of gay and lesbian Americans coming out is a good one. Not perfect but we dont need perfect. We need action. And what gays and lesbians proved is that one-on-one communication is a deeply powerful tool for creating social change.",,0_0
So droughts in North America are coincident with solar insolation minima. We already know of the cause and effect relationship between solar cycle minima and East African rainfall. West African drought has been found to be linked to Atlantic sea surface temperatures 2 .,,2_1
"In his paper The NIWA Seven-station Temperature Series , Dr B. Mullan notes that 238 stations currently report temperatures to NIWA, but prior to the 1930s, a lot fewer observations are available.",,5_1
"What the older statistical methods and the strict reliance on hard data and fancy mathematics have done is to create a system where there is too much certainty when making conclusions about complex events. We should all, always, take any result and realize that they are conditional on everything being just so. We should realize those just so conditions that obtained in the past might not in the future.",,0_0
"But this argument essentially says that Hillary Clinton should have won the presidency. The whole point of liberal progressivism is to rid the Democratic party of what it views as temporizing and lack of principle. Barack Obama won his nomination with that faction's support; Nancy Pelosi was elevated to the speakership with their favor. To ignore the liberal progressives' ideals in difficult times would break faith with them, guaranteeing their eternal enmity and earning the president a probable primary challenge.",,0_0
"And finally, Lindzens statement bears repeating, a statement that is wholly consistent with my own statements on the Subterranean War on Science:",,0_0
"Obama on Being a One-Term President, Solyndra Watch Video",,0_0
"Lets start with tomatoes. A recent article in Pedosphere was produced by eight scientists from China and New Zealand. They grew tomato plants hydroponically in near ambient CO2 concentrations (near 350 ppm) and in elevated concentrations (near 800 ppm). Wang et al. reported in their abstract Compared with the control, CO2 enrichment significantly increased the dry matter of both shoot and root, the ratio of root to shoot, total root length, root surface area, root diameter, root volume, and root tip numbers, which are important for forming a strong root system. The elevated CO2 treatment also significantly improved root hair development and elongation, thus enhancing nutrient uptake. Obviously, elevated CO2 definitely makes tomato plants bigger and stronger, and we hope the First Lady is thrilled at these results.",,3_3
"What I find interesting about this map is the way the warmth is concentrated on and around nearly point sources. That one inland and North East from Seattle is a real hot spot. Those sources look to be largely the urban growth areas (with, perhaps, some very localized UHI impacts on small rural locations). There is a general warming in valleys, but the real hot spots are in or very near the urban areas. Most of the out back rural areas are neutral or cooler than average.",,0_0
"Arctic ice melt has dropped to almost zero. Comparing current ice vs. mid-September 2012, there is more than 100% more ice than at last years minimum. A rapid freeze between now and mid-September could make this number much larger.",,1_1
"The latest effort came last week when the Environmental Protection Agency issued its new rule to slash emissions of methane, a byproduct of oil and gas drilling. The industry will be required to cut methane emissions by 40% to 45% over the next decade from 2012 levels. The rule spares existing wells that make no changes, but all new or modified wells will have to install costly new methane mitigation systems.",,0_0
"The authors note that one of the most important contributions the ocean makes to earth's climate is through its poleward heat transport,"" and they say that concern has arisen over the possibility that global warming could affect this phenomenon by ""reducing high latitude convection and triggering a collapse of the deep overturning circulation."" More recently, however, they report that ""by identifying water mass ventilation for shallow, intermediate and deep waters,"" Talley (2003) has concluded that ""the contribution of the shallow circulation to the global heat transport is indeed much larger than previously thought, and overall dominates the heat transport."" What was done""",,0_0
"OPT Report: Fewer Emitters, Lower Emissions, Less Cost. Appendix A: Terms of Reference.",,0_0
"But the Earth Guardians still deliver outright falsehoods about fracking, by children to children, in public schools funded by taxpayer dollars. Perhaps this goes on because teachers and school administrators fail to recognize the potential harm, or are themselves devoted to promoting extreme environmentalist ideologies. Certainly they failed to exercise their responsibility and authority as educators to provide a balanced curriculum and avoid being used by groups with political agendas, to inculcate a new generation of Americans in perverse Hard Green dogmas that are harmful to wildlife, people and the environment.",,0_0
"But the editorial goes on to state that the climate alarm is overwhelmingly persuasive and that NASA scientist James Hansen, the leading alarmist scientist in the world, is not an ideologue.",,5_2
"the present version of the series may change as soon as new results come available from the efforts of KNMI to homogenize the temperature series of De Bilt on a daily base, taking into account weather-dependent corrections.",,0_0
"Often taken for granted, energy is an integral component of human life all across the world. By tapping many of its uncovered resources, America has the potential to be the world's largest producer of energy. With the right policies in place, tapping this energy can help create a vibrant and prosperous economy for decades to come.",,4_5
"By Marita Noon, Oil Pro, Aug 10, 2015",,0_0
voters lost due to precipitation significantly benefits the Republican,,0_0
"Business suits are out, for both sexes. And with the right to open a window, office employees no longer have to carry sweaters or space heaters to work in the summer. After a long absence, ceiling fans, window fans and desk fans (and, for that matter, paperweights) take back the American office.",,0_0
"Grain-based ethanol is a bad idea, combined with subsidy programs; prices of corn have soared to new heights. We should stop that insanity.",,0_0
"If you've been living without an internet connection, here's a quick overview of l'affaire Climategate. On November 17, someone posted to the internet a vast archive of materials that had been hacked or leaked from the CRU, including numerous emails, documents, computer code, and data. While all of the information has not been verified as 100% correct, none of the people cited have denied that the documents are legitimate, and some outside entities engaged in the e-mail exchanges have confirmed that they are genuine.",,0_0
"Under this scenario, a piece of paper, from Ottawa or Oslo, committing the United States to reductions in greenhouse gasesthe way the Europeans want them reducedwould face a President Bush in his first day in office, with environmentalists clamoring for him to prove his mettle by agreeing to it.",,0_0
"In that respect, the UN's main achievement since 1949 has been the transformation of a once-peripheral issue into a global Passion Play. Though the number of refugees throughout the world were millions after 1945 (and 15 million more with the partition of India and Pakistan in 1947), the UN decided to focus quasi-exclusively on the 700,000 refugees of the 1948 Israeli-Arab war. For these Palestinian Arabs, the UN created not only a specific agency (UNRWA) but a unique, and Orwellian, definition of refugees"" carefully designed to maintain the issue forever alive.35""",,0_0
All historical El Ninos including the currently emerging 2015 El Nino (Figure 2) have originated at this same deep western pacific Ocean Point source in the Solomon Island / New Guinea area.,,0_0
Characteristic bleaching scars and isotope temperature records from coral cores commonly show evidence of past bleaching events going back thousands of years. There is no evidence for a recent increase in frequency and/or severity of bleaching events and nothing to link extended periods of calm winds with global warming.,,3_2
"EPAs recent experiments that unethically expose human subjects to substances that the EPA has declared to be lethal, in a search for evidence of harm, is basically an admission that corrupted, unreliable epidemiology is being misused as a false portfolio of evidence of air pollution toxicity, he writes.",,0_0
"Sandra Brown, professor of forestry at U. of Illinois and Ariel Lugo, project leader at the U.S. Forest Service's Institute of Tropical Forestry in Puerto Rico also studied available data and concluded the `dangerous' misinterpretation and exaggeration of the rate of deforestation has become common.""",,0_0
"Still, the incidents have highlighted the risks of expanding the reliance on renewable sources like wind before necessary grids, storage and other technologies are established to handle their intermittency and volatility.",,4_4
"He focuses on a particular study within the energy balance modelling approach. What he doesnt say is that this paper suggests estimates of climate sensitivity that are largely unchanged based on recent temperature data, and that it implies the need to cut global emissions significantly in order to limit currently high risks of very dangerous climate change. Neither does he refer to other studies within this approach which find a higher sensitivity. He does not highlight the limitations of energy balance modelling, which is no more certain than climate modelling.",,5_1
"Free-market watchers might be surprised to find social-welfare and high-tax states at the top of the Prosperity Index. This indeed raises more questions than it answers. For example, do the homogeneous hard-working populations of Northern Europe overcome the high tax rates in those countries? Or do these countries, in fact, encourage entrepreneurs? Sweden notably finishes just behind the United States and the United Kingdom in friendliness to entrepreneurs, and all Northern European countries have very good education systems, which may be important, too. And what of social trust among highly homogenous, small populations? Is homogeneity the huge advantage for prosperity the data seem to indicate? It is not just the small countries of Europe that do wellBotswana, which has a small, ethnically homogenous population, is the second top African performer (after South Africa). Hong Kong and Singapore, also with quite homogenous populations, do well, too.",,0_0
"The IPCC has confirmed the authenticity of sample documents on these sticks. Today, I??m making this massive collection of data, (with reviewer comments), which I call the Secret Santa leak, public. Some of these documents are already online. Many others would only have been released by the IPCC years from now. Still others the IPCC intended to keep hidden forever.",,5_2
"Immelt said that a carbon pricing scheme would create jobs Doesn't sound like it, if he has in mind a cap-and-tax scheme. (Here's also a useful primer on costs of global warming policies.)",,4_1
"Is the Presidents renewed emphasis on climate changejust a sop to his environmentalist base? Doubtful.As a second termer, Obama has less reason politically to restrain his progressive impulses.Several regulatory options are now in play:",,0_0
"The burdens from these climate policies fall overwhelmingly on the worlds poor. This is because rich people can easily afford to pay more for their energy, whereas the poor will be struggling. It is surprising to hear that well meaning and economically comfortable greens often suggest that gasoline prices should be doubled or electricity exclusively sourced from high cost green sources.",,4_1
"Sans security, I approached the rotunda alone. (Guards were present to keep the protesters from accosting the attendees who were bold enough to continue past the cluster of vocal opponents shouting accusations about ruining the planet for the children."")""",,0_0
"In GHG control, the Chinese government would have no real interest in transparency. Could the U.S., especially in that case, accurately determine how much coal China is burning? Could it know if a carbon tax has been enforced on state-owned enterprises in Qinghai? Could it ensure that such a tax had not been offset with concealed subsidies? Neither China's record, nor America's, reassures on these points.",,0_0
"That's all this study is that's all it's meant to do is scare people. It actually says in the study that without action to prevent climate change What is the action? Carbon taxes, regulations, UN treaties, EPA regulations its political lobbying disguised as science.",,0_0
"Second, a ???clean energy standard?? (CES), like the failed Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade bill,is just another way of?? skinning the cat ,??as President Obama put it. A CES is another way to ???bankrupt?? coal power plants and cause electricity rates to ??? necessarily skyrocket .?? Obama??s CES proposal aims at almost exactly the same mix of electricity fuels that the Waxman-Markey cap-and-trade bill would have created. A CES resembles a Soviet-style production quota and would probably be less efficient than cap-and-trade. Why should Republicans andBlue Dog Democrats who oppose cap-and-trade feel obliged to support something even worse?",,4_1
"Of course, maybe the people that run it really didnt want a wind turbine in their coal town, and this torch lighting is their form of silent protest. Or, maybe they are proud of it and felt it needed to be illuminated all hours of the night. Maybe the lights are to warn off birds and small planes. Nobody seemed to know. Whatever the reason, I couldnt help but be amused.",,0_0
"Trump's bombastic rhetoric aimed at minorities, including Hispanics, African Americans, and Muslims, among others, including his pledge to build that wall on the southern border, will make it even more difficult than it was after the 2012 loss for Republican leaders to make any gesture on immigration that might broader the party appeal beyond white working-class voters.",,0_0
"Dr. Patrick Minnis, one of Wielicki?s collaborators at Langley, is agnostic on the issue, and would be a much better choice.",,0_0
"Prevent and reverse federal regulations on fracking. The federal government should allow states to regulate fracking without federal interference. The Department of the Interior has issued federal regulations on fracking on federal and Indian lands. Recently, the EPA released methane regulations for oil and gas activities. But federal regulations duplicate existing state regulation of fracking since companies must obtain state permits for all wells, including federal wells, and must comply with all state regulations. Citizens working with state and local bureaucrats have a significantly better sense about their environment than Washington bureaucrats who may be thousands of miles away. Local government officials should therefore have the prerogative of instituting regulations regarding fracturing.",,0_0
"On borders, the parties have been within striking distance of a deal for nearly a decade. Even allowing for the sensitivity of the right-to-return issue and its ability to blow up negotiations, it is not too much to hope that a compromise can be found if the right atmosphere prevails in talks.",,0_0
"A Greenpeace spokesperson suggests that the only people concerned about the video in which kids are executed for insufficient eco enthusiasm are those with ulterior motives climate skeptics and think tanks funded by corporations. Read the full post here . This blog has relocated . You can sign up to receive an e-mail each time a new post is added under the Email subscription"" bar a little below the photo. NoFrakkingConsensus now has a Facebook page.""",,0_0
"Furthermore to take one of many instances in the reviewed literature a recent paper has confirmed the findings of a long line of papers on the global brightening that has been evident in recent decades, concluding that the naturally-occurring decline in cloud cover in the last couple of decades of the last century has caused four and a half times as much warming as Man.",,2_1
"But, when the part of the detrended sea level that is correlated to ENSO3.4 is removed, the remaining orthogonal part of the rise rate appears to be lower at the end of the century than during the 1940s, and not particularly high compared to the rest of the century. So if my removal of the ENSO effect is correct, then there was nothing unusual about the rise rate at the end of the century",,1_6
Liberal AG Claims Global Warming More Important Than Free Speech,,0_0
"The result of the routine media practice of quoting conflicting sides,'"" wrote Corbett and Durfee, is ""giving equal weight to fringe and nonscientists as much as scientists even though the majority of evidence or opinion may fall clearly to one side.""",,0_0
"Weather Channel Founder Says Hurricane Matthew Is Nature Not Mankind'""",,0_0
"The ads warn Americans of the causes and consequences of global warming, claiming that it will lead to more hurricanes, droughts, fires, and so on. One ad even claims that global warming will cause an increase in childhood asthma. Asthma,"" begins the ad, ""It's striking more and more of our kids. In just 13 years, the number of children with asthma has more than doubled. Scientists know that global warming is real and heating up the planet. More heat means more smog, and smog can trigger asthma attacks for our kids.""",,0_0
"That does make me a little uncomfortable about this guy being in charge of global temperature records to show we're destroying the earth. Can't check out his academic/research papers at CRU. Surprisingly, they've been taken down.",,0_0
26a. Potential for catastrophe from climate change for other parts of the world in the next ten years (very low to very high).,,0_0
I've just completed Mike's Nature trick of adding in the real temps to each series for the last 20 years (ie from 1981 onwards) and from 1961 for Keith's to hide the decline.,,5_2
"But in the last several weeks, we have stumbled upon clear and convincing observational evidence of particularly strong negative feedback (low climate sensitivity) from our latest and best satellite instruments. That evidence includes our development of two new methods for extracting the feedback signal from either observational or climate model data, a goal which has been called the holy grail of climate research.",,3_1
"The left has been scheming to transform health care in America ever since and came close to achieving its goal with passage of the Affordable Care Act, a.k.a. Obamacare, in 2010. Obamacare was designed to fail it simply could never deliver on its promises of preserving choice of private insurance coverage while also controlling spending and to destroy the private health care system in the process, leaving the path clear for single-payer or nationalized health care.",,0_0
"17. In 1975, Paul Ehrlich predicted that since more than nine-tenths of the original tropical rainforests will be removed in most areas within the next 30 years or so, it is expected that half of the organisms in these areas will vanish with it.""",,0_0
Could Climate Science Survive a Legal Cross Examination?,,0_0
"As the Climate Institutes report notes in small print, the Swedish carbon price is levied primarily on oil, coal, natural gas and petrol.",,0_0
"A new report by Greenpeace claims that global warming will destroy the world's great coral reefs by 2100 if something isn't done to stop it. The report states that Coral reefs could be eliminated from most areas of the world by 2100,"" and that even the Great Barrier Reef could be dead within 30 years. The report also claims that even if measures to reduce greenhouse gases are taken it may still take 500 years for the reefs to recover (www.greenpeace.org).""",,0_0
"Khim et al . (2002) likewise analyzed a sediment core removed from the eastern Bransfield Basin just off the northern tip of the Antarctic Peninsula, including grain size, total organic carbon content, magnetic susceptibility, biogenic silica content, 210 Pb geochronology, and radiocarbon ( 14 C) age, all of which data clearly depicted, in their words, the presence of the ???Little Ice Age and Medieval Warm period, together with preceding climatic events of similar intensity and duration.??",,2_1
"First of all, Im glad that the question of RE significance has been picked up. We raised the issue of spurious RE significance in our GRL article, but the only discussion of it so far has been Huybers 2005 and Wahl and Ammann (in their rejected GRL submission) both of which were critical and sought to restore the old benchmark of 0. Burger and Cubasch, together with the Zorita review, are the second discussion to appreciate that there is a real issue with RE significance.",,0_0
"Analysis of trends and of aggregated time series on climatic (30-year) scale does not indicate consistent trends worldwide. Despite common perception, in general, the detected trends are more negative (less intense floods in most recent years) than positive. Similarly, Svensson et al. (2005) and Di Baldassarre et al. (2010) did not find systematical change neither in flood increasing or decreasing numbers nor change in flood magnitudes in their analysis.",,1_7
"I??m thinking that the ???coldest December on record?? in Siberia could be significant. Not just one day, mind you, but the entire month so far.",,1_3
"(He also noted) that U.S. floods have not increased in frequency or intensitysince 1950 and economic losses from floods have dropped by 75 percent as a percentage of GDP since 1940. Tornado frequency, intensity, and normalized damages have also not increased since 1950, and Pielke even notes that there is some evidence that this has declined.",,1_7
"DOE is to be congratulated for abiding by the law despite strong pressure from special interests to set up a credit program, which would allow them to profit from higher energy costs at the expense of consumers. Awarding Kyoto credits would shift the political balance of power in favor of policies like the McCain-Lieberman Climate Stewardship Act, said CEI Senior Fellow Marlo Lewis.""",,0_0
"It bears repeating, though I know I mention this every time, that this is precisely what President Obama said he would do. He is systematically destroying the coal industry, and the toll on American jobs is extremely high.",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Western Herald,,0_0
"The CPP Conflicts with Underlying Regulations. Even if the courts concluded this rule does not violate the Clean Air Act, the Constitution, and canons of statutory construction, it violates the EPA's own implementing regulations. Therefore, the Clean Power Plan runs afoul of a key administrative law principle - namely, an extant regulation carries the force of law. Because it is inconsistent with its underlying regulation, the Clean Power Plan is an impermissible exercise of authority.",,4_1
"Wind Turbine Bird Killings, Disinformation Continues in California",,0_0
"Solomon cites a particular volunteer editor who goes by the pseudonym of Tabletop"" (real name Kim Dabelstein).""",,0_0
"Over the two years of the study, the CO 2 -enriched plants that were exposed to air containing 49% more CO 2 used 12% less water than the ambient-treatment plants, while they produced 47% more tuber biomass. Hence, the CO 2 -enriched plants experienced a 68% increase in water use efficiency , or the amount of biomass produced per unit of water used in producing it. What it means",,3_3
First it was wheat and now its coffee. Whats next? Bacon & eggs?,,0_0
Save the planet? Marchionnes bumpersticker should read: SUV the planet.,,0_0
Lets start with an analysis of how the UKs electricity was supplied last year.,,0_0
"by Bob Carter, David Evans, Stewart Franks & Bill Kininmonth",,0_0
"You can get some interesting numbers if you mix and (don't) match time periods. As a general rule, the shorter time period you choose (or the smaller the area), the easier it is to find a temporary downward trend. The Skeptical Science blog (quite one-sided, but usually accurate) calls this going down the up escalator"".""",,0_0
"Dr Akasofu, experienced analyst with the International Arctic Research Center, points out that the temperature have been rising steadily at a trend rate of 0.5C per century since the end of the little ice age in the 1700s (when the Thames River would freeze over every winter; it last froze over in 1804). On top of the trend are oscillations that last about thirty years in each direction:",,2_1
"The simulations yield a CO2 -initiated warming of 0.2 C ( 100 ppm CO2 -Anstieg) and a solar fraction of 0.54 C over this period. This corresponds to a CO2 climate sensitivity of 00:56 C (doubling of CO2 ) and a solar sensitivity of 12:54 C ( 0.1% increase in the solar constant). These results are in clear contradiction to the representations of the IPCC , the temperature rise over the last century exclusively anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases ( 95% assigns probability) and a climate sensitivity between 1.5 C and 4.4 C starts, during any influence is denied by the sun.",,2_1
"Comments from a 2008 blog post on ExxonMobil's position as obstructive over climate change"" included the following: ""Given that oil isn't going to last a whole heck of a lot longer, would not a good business strategy be to start investing in renewable energy?"" and ""Just from a corporate survival perspective, better start learning, and fast. Carbon is the low-hanging energy fruit and soon to become an economic dead end. What company wants to keep going down a dead end?"" BP thought it was ""prudent to start diversifying now as a kind of insurance policy.""",,0_0
"If you happen to forget similar factoids, Deutsch is one of the philosophical babblers who likes to say ludicrous things about the allegedly unavoidable naive many-worlds interpretations of quantum mechanics , and so on. What is this constructor theory? It's a sequence of worthless would-be smart sentences sold as a theory of everything"" and a ""unifying theory of classical and quantum physics"" and ""all information in them"" which also ""defines all forms of information"" and transforms all of our knowledge to ""claims that some tasks are impossible"".""",,0_0
"1) Climate research. The US government spends $2.5 billion per year on research that focuses on carbon dioxide, ignores powerful natural forces that have always driven climate change, and generates numerous reports and press releases warning of record high temperatures, melting icecaps, rising seas, stronger storms, more droughts and other unprecedented"" crises. The claims are erroneous and deceitful.""",,5_2
"Climate scientists sometimes (GISS yes, NOAA no) attempt to correct measurements in urban areas for this effect, but this can be chancy since the correction factors need to change over time, and no one really knows exactly how large the factors need to be. Some argue that the land-based temperature set is biased too high, and some of the global warming shown is in fact a result of the UHI effect.",,5_1
Remember climate hawks ? A previous CE post discussed climate pragmatism . Two new voices on the climate pragmatism front,,0_0
"The White House document notes that the Treasury Department, OMB and other White House offices agreed that no more money should be provided because there was a near-zero chance that the company could survive.",,0_0
"Science the GOP cant wish away , November 19 th 2010",,0_0
"The most important occupations included my job as the commanding officer of the Czech Army Contingent in Afghanistan, the superintendent of the 11th field hospital of the Czech Army in Afghanistan, the vice-commander of the operational commandership of the armed forces' medical service, or important positions within the Section of army's healthcare of the Military headquarters of the Czech Army.",,0_0
"Commissioner Hedegaard's Denmark may have surrounded itself with wind turbines, but could not afford such feel good luxuries if it were not for the vast income and energy it derives from Danish North Sea oil and gas.",,0_0
"As a close associate of Secretary General Kofi Anan, Strong was appointed to chair the panel that created the UN's Iraq office for its Oil-For-Food"" program. Introduced by the Clinton Administration in 1995 under a UN Security Council Resolution, the program's intended purpose was to allow Iraq to sell oil on the world market in exchange for food, medicine, and other humanitarian needs of its needy citizens without allowing Saddam Hussein's regime to boost its military capabilities. As it turned out, however, the program also provided lots of humanitarian aid to some very non-needy financial recipients, and was later ended after revelations of corruption hit the press.""",,0_0
"Present true stories of workers and families whose jobs and businesses have been threatened or destroyed by EPA and other government policies, programs and diktats; how these citizens have fought back; and their victories over energy, environmental and economic totalitarianism.",,4_1
"Paleo-Climate Scientist Examines Recent Peer-Research, Determines All N. Hemisphere Regions Had Large Medieval Warming",,2_1
"I surmise, though, given what should be becoming obvious to watchers of these things, that the days of thinking warm, warm, warm are over , and quite the opposite will occur in the coming years and decades, and the populace should understand the honeymoon is over , the marriage of low solar and reversing oceanic cycles along with a third-party (lets not go any further with non-weather implications ha, ha), the volcanic activity, should raise eyebrows among the rational. Among others, short of being frozen out of ones abode, there is no getting attention.",,1_2
"The authors of this study conclude that the coccolithophorid they studied ???could adapt to ocean acidification with enhanced assimilations of carbon and nitrogen,?? becoming even more productive than it is now, which is yet another positive finding of the often feared consequence of Earth??s rising atmospheric CO 2 concentration?? Read More",,3_2
"Be assured, ye faithful CBC masses, that there is no similarity whatsoever between this misguided and disoriented Taliban, that, but for the tragic coincidence that internationally revered Canadian Peacebringers crossed its path, would have detonated harmlessly in an explosion of chick peas and goat meat - and those brave militants who struggle heroically to evict Bush's fascist agents of BIG OIL from the Sacred Land Of Saddam.",,0_0
"The main point I am making here is that, no matter whether you assume the climate system is sensitive or insensitive, our best satellite measurements suggest that the climate system is perfectly capable of causing internally-generated radiative forcing larger than the external forcing due to increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations. Low cloud variations are the most likely source of this internal radiative forcing. It should be remembered that the satellite data are actually measured, whereas the CO2 forcing (red lines in the above graphs) is so small that it can only be computed theoretically.",,3_1
"This is just a single link: in a list of ATLAS' notes, the last one is",,0_0
"You have already heard that there has been increased seismic activity at Yellowstone National Park over the last few days. Since December 26th, there have been several earthquakes a day, some jut over 3.0 magnitude, in the vicinity of the north side of Yellowstones lake. This is a seismically active region, but the level of earthquake activity being seen now is much greater than seen in perhaps decades (though the data are still not sufficiently analyzed to make positive comparisons yet).Volcano experts have absolutely no clue as to what this means. A major reason for virtually total uncertainty is that Yellowstone sits on top of a very large caldera of the type that is formed by a so-called super volcano and the last super volcano to erupt was a few years (like, 70 or so thousand years) before any seismic or other geological monitoring station were set up anywhere. Indeed, the first really serious data collection at Yellowstone began just over 30 years ago.",,0_0
"Rogelj et al. (2012) : This study does not actually provide an observationally-based estimate for TCR. It explicitly sets out to generate a PDF for ECS that simply reflects the AR4 likely range and best estimate; in fact it reflects a slightly higher range. Moreover, the paper and its Supplementary Information do not even mention estimation of TCR or provide any estimated PDF for TCR.",,0_0
"An endless parade of people described as urban experts, "" warned that whatever plans were adopted at Quito would be pointless unless they were accompanied by comprehensive monitoring. But what would be the criteria by which a city's performance could be evaluated? Not to worry, said Michael Cohen of the New School in New York , his graduate students had developed the criteria that would assess cities' compliance with the UN's plans to ensure that urban areas take the lead in combating climate change.""",,0_0
But there are also strong hints that Tesla is ripping customers off. There's no sucker like a green sucker I suppose.,,0_0
"We seriously underestimated the difficulty of getting reductions and overestimated the payoff from new technologies, said a senior official working on climate change. Nevertheless, last month the Canadian federal budget allocated $1 billion more to support new environmental technologies. Ottawa is also offering the one ton challenge, in which it calls on individual Canadians to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by one ton. (Toronto Star, April 5 and 6).""",,0_0
"This is huge. It means that Republicans are going to insist that climate and energy policy be made by the people's elected representatives rather than by non-elected judges, litigators, and bureaucrats. It means that EPA regulation of carbon dioxide (CO2) under the Clean Air Act will be an issue in the 2010 elections. It means that citizens will be able to hold accountable and punish at the ballot box any Member of Congress who votes against Barton's resolution of disapproval and in favor of the compliance burdens, rising energy costs, and litigation risks to the economy that EPA regulation of CO2 unavoidably entails.",,0_0
"A good example of this is equating climate skeptics to pedophiles , something else Lewandowsky was involved in (via an ABC radio show, but he didn??t actually make the claim, the announcer did) but note that he??s made the claims about HIV and AIDS here, even before his latest paper was published . Predetermined conclusion anyone?",,5_2
"The ongoing rise in the air's CO 2 content would appear to have the capacity to totally thwart the adverse growth effects of any increase in air temperature it might possibly be causing, as we describe in detail in our major report The Specter of Species Extinction: Will Global Warming Decimate Earth's Biosphere? .",,3_3
"In sum, it would have been good if we had won yesterday and even better if we had gotten that fifth vote in Massachusetts (that is also likely to be the decisive vote in the health care decision tomorrow). We didnt. Petitioners will now at least ask the Supreme Court to take the case and may also seek rehearing en banc from the full panel. Absent the Supreme Court granting certiorari and reversing the panel decision, we will have broad EPA authority over GHG emissions under the CAA. If that is the case, there is nothing we can do but to continue fighting on a rule-by-rule basis with all the ammunition we have, political, legal, technical and scientific.",,0_0
Testimony before the House Select Committee on Energy Independence and Global Warming,,0_0
"Easterbrook argued the climate has actually been cooling in recent years, and that carbon dioxide does not contribute to global warming. He said his climate numbers were different from those used by other scientists because, he argues, federal agencies NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration tamper with the data and artificially inflate temperatures.",,5_2
"Date: Tue, 7 Dec 2010 09:24:22 -0500",,0_0
"But Michael Mann has been a voluntary public figure since at least 1998. He first volunteered to be a public figure as early as April 22, 1998 when he appeared on NBC Nightly News to discuss his hokey stick study.",,0_0
"on Monday, June 7th, 2010 at 7:00 pm and is filed under News.",,0_0
"The Competitive Enterprise Institute will be holding a one day conference, The Costs of Kyoto,"" on Tuesday, July 15 at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. For more information contact Nicole Hamilton at (202) 331-1010.""",,0_0
CRUs Failure to Use or Disclose the Shiyatov Dataset,,0_0
"Electric cars are expected to need a replacement battery. Once the emissions from producing the second battery are added in, the total CO 2 from producing an electric car rises. Disposal alsodoubles the emissions because of the energy consumed in recovering and recycling metals in the battery.",,4_4
Kulusuk Farmer's Market Opens This Weekend,,0_0
"First, fracking has real potential to drive energy bills down. Labours mismanagement of the economy means that many people are struggling with the cost of living today. Where we can act to relieve the pressure, we must. Its simple gas and electric bills can go down when our home-grown energy supply goes up. Were not turning our back on low carbon energy, but these sources arent enough . We need a mix. Latest estimates suggest that theres about 1,300 trillion cubic feet of shale gas lying underneath Britain at the moment and that study only covers 11 counties. To put that in context, even if we extract just a tenth of that figure, that is still the equivalent of 51 years gas supply.",,4_5
"Starting a new debate on such a significant issue at this point in the election cycle is a recipe for really bad legislation: to suggest writing a major bill that will touch on virtually every sector of the U.S. economy in an election year will be inviting every special interest in the country to a party where the taxpayers get to play the role of the piata. Deliberation, not speed, is what we need.",,0_0
"Batsmanship comes naturally to Dr Pachauri, who can be compared to the very best as a natural striker of the ball.",,0_0
"Of course, we could go into the dark side of the environmental movement, which inevitably involves population control of one kind or another (usually forced upon some far-away people of a different skin color...not upon the enforcers):",,5_2
Another sign is Central Europe refusing to warm further. Meteorologist Dominik Jung at Wetter.net here reports that Germanys 2013 year was the 2nd coldest in a decade. The mean temperature was only 0.4C over the 1961 1990 mean. Only 2010 was a bit colder.,,1_4
It's Time to Help People Escape Obamacare,,0_0
implement it in prose. The political discourse on foreign policy wrestles with,,0_0
A Cost/ Benefit Analysis of Reducing the Number of Additional Carbon Emitters aswell as Average Per Capita Carbon Emission,,0_0
"Johnston is the Robert G. Fuller, Jr. Professor of Law, and Director of the Program on Law, Environment and Economy of the University of Pennsylvania Law School. His 79 page essay, Global Warming Advocacy Science: A Cross Examination, published by the Institute of Law and Economics, examines a broad range of evidence both for and against the conclusions drawn by the United Nation's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC).",,0_0
"The House of Representatives passes the Deleting Online Predators Act (DOPA), which would withhold funding from schools and public libraries that refuse to block social networking websites.",,0_0
"Meanwhile, Congress and EPA are pouring tens of millions of taxpayer dollars into Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiatives, to help RGGI director Jonathan Schrag persuade states to implement increasingly restrictive fossil fuel, emission and renewable energy mandates, regardless of what Congress does and pay for his new $2.2-million loft in Manhattan.",,0_0
"For these reasons, despite an exuberant global investment climate and forgiving discount rates on nearly all types of capital projects, you can't cash-flow a nuclear plant because the concept of risk over a period of time is too high.... If we're not seeing expansion of nuclear investment in this environment, with the political desire and the economic capital that are so available right now, then one has to wonder when we're ever going to see it,"" said one attendee at the Manhattan Institute conference.""",,0_0
National Academy Of Sciences Study Shows Worlds Love Affair With Stepping Stone To Prosperity Growing!,,0_0
"Those who instilled this remarkable break in consciousness"" were no different from those who touched off the other classic revolutions of modern times: writers, journalists, artists. As Alexis de Tocqueville observed, such men and women ""help to create that general awareness of dissatisfaction, that solidified public opinion, which creates effective demand for revolutionary change."" Suddenly, ""the entire political education"" of the nation becomes the ""work of its men of letters.""",,0_0
"One could try to discover the answer by recourse to recent polls. If one examined the Ap-GfK poll from September 6-13, for example, one would find that working-class voters believe that government intervention in the economy is more harmful than beneficial by nearly a two-to-one margin. One would also find they are more distressed about the economy and more likely to say they have suffered financially or that a relative has lost a job. Over half say President Obama does not understand ordinary Americans' problems. It should come as no surprise, then, to learn the same poll shows Republicans leading Democrats by 22 points on the generic congressional ballot, whereas Democrats led Republicans by 12 points two years ago.",,0_0
"He makes yet more appeals to authority, that these poor scientists have such great difficulty in transmitting their superior knowledge to the masses, that the only answer is to say that the majority of scientists agree on the main issues. Of course this is also how they try to stifle dissenting voices from climate scientists who are just as qualified to address the climate issues, if not more so, than the main protagonists.",,0_0
"The post-hole syllogism is a clear example of subreption, as are some claims made in the bushfire debate. Some news media reports, or papers in refereed journals of ecology, may mislead public, and hence political opinion. As an example, it may be said that vegetation has been destroyed, without a close definition of that word. Although they may appear to be dead, many Australian plants are well adapted to bushfire, have lignotubers, and resprout readily soon after it. They are no more destroyed, by mild fire, than a garden shrub which is pruned. Other Australian plants need fire, or smoke, in order to flower, or germinate from seed. Words can be deceptive, as philosophers such as Locke, Hobbes and Wittgenstein noted.",,0_0
"The 2006 average temperatures of 32.5 C in Marble bar , Australia, was the coolest annual temperature in 92 years of records, beating 33.5 C in 1978 by a whole Celsius degree and being 3 Celsius degrees below the average!",,1_3
puzzle. Their accounts of the Iranian nuclear controversy mesh especially well.,,0_0
"The poll showed, for example, that Guardian/Independent readers are no more likely to have taken any specific energy saving actions than tabloid readers, and are actually less likely to have insulated their homes.",,0_0
Experts Reject Notion that Global Warming Is Causing More Floods,,1_7
Of note is that the adjustments in the early 1890s and around 1930 is about three times the size of the change in trend. This might be partly due to zero net adjustments in 1903 and partly due to the small downward adjustments in post 2000.,,0_0
Main Diary Entries according to ones age,,0_0
Secret Walmart Survey Shows Inflation Already Here:,,0_0
"Wind power, the study reports, ""is the second most expensive. It costs nearly 6 cents more per KWH."" The study puts these additional costs in context: ""The average cost of electricity to U.S. consumers in 2012 was 9.84 cents per KWH, including the cost of transmission and distribution of electricity. This means a new wind plant could at least cost 50% more per KWH to produce electricity, and a new solar plant at least 200% more per KWH, than using coal and gas technologies."" The study concludes: ""Renewable incentives that are biased in favor of wind and solar and biased against large-scale hydro, nuclear, and gas combined cycle are a very expensive and inefficient way to reduce CO2 emissions.""",,4_4
"Foxnews argues that astronomers have been deaf so far but with LIGO and LISA, they may detect the songs sung by cosmic superstrings: :-) Cosmic superstrings might 'sing' in gravity waves The expected music is 10-20 octaves below the usual pop-music hits. Fair and balanced. We report, you decide. :-) There are interesting people mentioned in the article but let me still recommend this 2004 review by Polchinski: Introduction to cosmic F- and D-strings Unlike our friends in Foxnews, Joe Polchinski doesn't confuse cosmic superstrings with more general cosmic strings - thin tubes filled with the primordial vacuum. ;-)",,0_0
"Second, the vertical structure of the atmosphere was relatively stable (little mixing), with a stable layer (in this case one with temperature staying the same with height) from from roughly 925 hPa (about 2500 ft) to 850 hPa (around 5000 ft). Below is a vertical sounding at Quillayute on the Washington coast, provide temperature (right line) and dew point (left line) with height. The stable layer would act as a cap to keep pollutants in.",,0_0
"By Timothy Cama, The Hill, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
The original paper is available here as an Adobe Acrobat PDF.,,0_0
"At the beginning of the climate conference in Bonn, Germany, UN climate chief Christiana Figueres called on delegates to do what was politically possible"" and make ""incremental"" progress. By most accounts, the Bonn talks fell short of even these modest goals. ""More likely is that the level of ambition for Cancun will be reduced further with no more than a package of agreements negotiated and all the tough stuff put back until next year. Or 2013. Or 2014,"" John Vidals concludes. That, he says, would be ""the nightmare scenario""an outcome that the squabbling in Bonn has made all the more likely. Corbin Hiar, UN Dispatch, 11 August 2010""",,0_0
"...which does at least make it clear how the climate change is being used to push a political agenda. They need to spin a threat of climate change in order to move the politicians in the desired direction. Shame about the impact on the reputation of science, but that has long since ceased to be a concern of Royal Society.",,5_2
One of the unintended and humorous consequences of climate record fabrications has been the nonsensical and irrational explanations as to why enhanced global warming is producing colder and more severe winters. The faux-warming has now necessitated the fabrication of new global warming capabilities that are entirely inconsistent with known weather physics and history.,,5_2
Because sunspot activity has historically predicted periods of global warming and global cooling lots of sunspots translates into lots of warming and vice versa Hathaways study presented at a December 2006 meeting of the American Geophysical Union in San Francisco acted to support global warming theorists and to discredit the various solar scientists who believe that Earth is about to enter a prolonged period of cooling.,,2_1
"Climate change science is in a period of negative discovery the more we learn about this exceptionally complex and rapidly evolving field the more we realize how little we know. Truly, the science is NOT settled.",,5_1
"Thick spring ice near shore drives seals to give birth elsewhere because they cannot maintain their breathing holes in the ice, Crockford wrote on her blog. ""This leaves mothers emerging from onshore dens with newborn cubs with nothing to eat at a time when they desperately need food: cubs die quickly, mothers more slowly.""",,0_0
"Antarctic sea ice extent has been growing for 30 years,and is near a record high .",,1_1
"An earlier report on climategate from the House of Commons assumed that a subsequent probe by a panel under Lord Oxburgh, a former academic and chairman of Shell, would deal with the science. The Oxburgh report, though, sought to show only that the science was not fraudulent or systematically flawed, not that it was actually reliable. And nor did Sir Muir, with this third report, think judging the science was his job.",,0_0
"5) Vicious personal attacks continue on scientists, businessmen, politicians and others who disagree publicly with the catechism of climate cataclysm. Alarmist pressure groups and Democrat members of Congress are out to destroy the studies, funding, reputations and careers of all who dare challenge climate disaster tautologies. At President Obama's behest, even disaster aid agencies are piling on.",,5_2
"Thanks to Administrator Johnson's decision, Boxer can no longer pretend that Mass v EPA is just about minor tweaks in new-car fuel economy standards. If she wants to regulate auto emissions, she must also accept responsibility for the broader and heavier regulatory burdens this could impose on the U.S. economy. No wonder she's irked!",,0_0
Case of high-speed rail grows only stronger:,,0_0
"Just imagine if the uncooperative polar ice was melting rather than thickening. We would hear a collective chorus of, ?See See See? from the climate activists and the media that the planet really is warming. That Al Gore was right when he predicted that the North Pole would have melted by 2013.",,0_0
"if n elements(yrloc) ne n elements(valadj) then message,'Oooops!'",,0_0
"42 National Governors Association, New Source Review,"" from the NGA Web site (www.nga.org) on June 11, 2002.""",,0_0
"Well, it worries me too. Politically, however, there may be a silver lining in this dark cloud. Concerning which, I posted the following comment on Keith's blog.",,0_0
"William Yeatman, Daily News Record , 31 March 2010",,0_0
Colleagues say that the reason Professor Phil Jones has refused Freedom of Information requests is that he may have actually lost the relevant papers.,,0_0
"Niger Innis is national spokesman for the Congress of Racial Equality, a 68-year-old human rights organization; Rev. Samuel Rodriguez is president of the National Hispanic Christian Leadership Conference, America's largest Hispanic Christian organization, with 25,434 member churches; Amy Frederick is president of 60 Plus, a senior citizens advocacy organization representing over 500,000 seniors nationwide. The three are co-chairs of the Affordable Power Alliance, a humanitarian coalition of civil rights, minority, small business, senior citizen and faith-based organizations that champion access to affordable energy.",,0_0
"Let us be clear about what that would mean. The electric power supply will be interrupted when it cannot meet demand. Lights will go out. Offices will cease to function. People will freeze or swelter. Elderly people will die. If sustained, this situation will severely damage the economy. Jobs will be lost. Health will suffer. The poor will get poorer. Flows of money from America to the developing world will shrink.",,0_0
"In his May 11 article , Schmidt sneered at this insta-reconstruction and stated that he could guarantee that Briffas eventual reconstruction would have different results than my emulation:",,0_0
"Google Inc. is close to settling a U.S. criminal investigation into allegations it made hundreds of millions of dollars by accepting ads from online pharmacies that break U.S. laws, according to people familiar with the matter. ",,0_0
"At last some evidence that important climate data may have been hidden has emerged from the hacked University of East Anglia email furore. Together with last weeks condemnation by the Information Commissioner of failures to comply with Freedom of Information legislation, it appears to put the position of Prof Phil Jones, the head of its Climatic Research Unit (CRU), at even greater risk. If confirmed and upheld by the official inquiry now being conducted into the affair, Prof Jones who has stepped down while it is carried out will surely decide to go.",,5_2
"By now, you may realize that the acidic CO2 and photosynthesis does not cause a decline of the pH in natural water but an increase instead. In fact, that has been documented by the annual pH spikes observed in ocean water like at the ALOHA Station offshore Hawaii and in freshwater at the Experimental Lakes Area in Canada . When the photosynthesis activity is strong, i.e. in spring and summer, the pH of the water rises. You can demonstrate that yourself with a simple experiment that I have previously described. Give it a try, its easy to do (next to no work required), the ingredients cost next to nothing and it will amaze you.",,3_2
CEI has joined several other groups in urging Congress to update U.S. privacy laws.,,0_0
<4923> Stott/MetO:,,0_0
"Over the course of his first term, Obama gradually shifted toward the non-interventionist position. A series of disasters in the Middle Eastthe chaotic aftermath of the war in Libya, the debacle that followed the removal of Hosni Mubarak in Egypt and the generally disappointing results of the Arab Springseem to have convinced the President that his humanitarian hawk"" advisors couldn't be trusted with the keys to the car. But this didn't kill his humanitarian and idealistic impulses, nor did it diminish the strength in the Democratic Party of those who believe that the promotion of democracy, morality and the rule of law should be the foundation of American foreign policy.""",,0_0
"The actual-to-future-potential method of estimating the change in emissions means EPA can disregard the actual change in emissions caused by modifications, virtually negating Congress's intent to have NSR apply only when modifications are likely to significantly increase emissions.29 Combined with EPA's narrow interpretation of RMR&R;, the actual-to-future-potential methodology means industries where changes in production practices must be made frequently to respond to seasonal changes in product demand or government regulations, such as refineries, face virtually continuous NSR permitting requirements. Two examples demonstrate the delays and costs imposed by this arrangement:",,0_0
"So what has gone wrong with the GHCN system? There is no evidence at all that the Icelandic temperature record is not robust, or, indeed, the Greenland data that correlates well to it. Even the BEST series bears this out. ( See here). As the Icelandic stations are well correlated with each other, the adjustments can only have been generated by comparing with other stations hundreds of miles away in Europe, where it has already been proven that temperature trends can be totally different. But really this is an issue for GHCN to resolve, not me.",,5_1
"Hansen believes, the paper reported, that efforts to stem climate change will be ineffectual as long as fossil fuels remain the cheapest form of energy,"" and therefore he ""proposed a new tax for carbon emissions from oil, gas and coal."" Yet, he stated: ""Government shouldn't be making decisions as to what the next energy sources are. Let the marketplace make the decision."" He wants a tax to make fossil fuels unattractive, but the government should let the marketplace decide?""",,0_0
The Yale Forum on Climate Change has a good post SCC ? Social Costs of Carbon: Continuing a little told story. This article provides a lot of good background information.,,0_0
"More subtly, I mentioned this is lower reaches, the Thames is a small river with low flow: it is tidal.",,0_0
"Without a doubt, the melting glaciers of Mt. Kilimanjaro serve as one of the most public symbols for those concerned about global warming. But is this valid? Well not according to the Center for Science and Public Policy, which notes in a recent paper how the glacial retreat on Kilimanjaro is much more complex than the storytellers admit. For starters, the melting of the Kilimanjaro ice field was recorded back in the mid to late 1800's, well before the buildup of greenhouse gases. Secondly, satellite readings of Kilimanjaro and the surrounding region have shown a temperature decline since 1979, thus indicating that atmospheric temperatures could not explain the melting. It appears, then, that any link to global warming is nothing but hot air.",,0_0
"Siegel, Jeremy J., The Concise Encyclopedia of Economics: Stock Market, 2nd ed., Library of Economics and Liberty, http://www.econlib.org/library/Enc/StockMarket.html (accessed February 26, 2014).",,0_0
"At this point I think Ive reached the end of the lunar cycles on various time scales. If I run into any more, Ill add them. I would only note that the 23,000 year cycle they mention in the paper is remarkably similar to the precession period of the Earth (or the potential orbital period of our Sun about a companion star) and thus is also the Maya calendar cycle. I suspect that what the Maya calendar cycle was saying was not that this is the end, but rather that this is as good as it gets and the next many thousands start a long slow slide into cold. My read on the 23,000 year cycle chart looks like were about at the turn to the other direction. Add that to a 5000 year cycle turn and an 1800 year peak warmth spot, well, lets just say Id not be moving to Alaska any time soon. Florida and Texas would be better choices.",,1_2
"Those who are interested in mathematical aspects of string theory and the newest twists and turns in topological string theory in particular should look at the KITP weblogs , especially",,0_0
"On his international missions, Rajendra Pachauri, the chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), called for radical action to stave off environmental disaster.",,0_0
"It does not take long to estimate that the capital cost of Mr Huhne?s new energy policy could well be more than 300 billion over 10 years, or 30 billion a year. Since the total wholesale cost of the electricity we used last year was only around 19 billion, this alone would be well on the way to tripling our bills by 2020.",,0_0
"When Mr. Spencer tried to take the State's Minister for the Environment and Water to court in 2008 to get his land back, the judge in the State's Supreme Court told him the courts could not intervene in political decisions. Mr. Spencer will challenge that finding on appeal this spring, if he lives long enough.",,0_0
"HEM is identical to the EIA's NEMS with the exception of the Commercial Demand Module. Unlike NEMS, this module does not make projections regarding commercial floor-space data of pertinent commercial buildings. Other than that, however, HEM is identical to NEMS.",,0_0
"Now, you are going to listen to the insane, irrational, and creepy things I have to say. If you don't like them, and if you disagree with me, I am going to kill you. Only then can you be free and happy because I will kill you to save you, as you will just die anyway.""",,0_0
Cross Country: Virginia Is Sitting on the Energy Mother Lode,,0_0
"Since proving the validity of long-term forecasts is difficult and the ultimate tests would take years, and since many scientists are alarmed at the dire scenarios, my colleagues are beginning to talk about whether it is O.K. to exaggerate and push forecasts that are not currently provable if the only way to get societies to act is to frighten people. I think it is not O.K. It is a short-term view, and even if it works, it will inevitably debase science and scientists.",,0_0
"Some climate scientists, such as Professor Phil Jones, director of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia, last week dismissed the significance of the plateau, saying that 15 or 16 years is too short a period from which to draw conclusions.",,1_4
"Extreme weather? The highest wind speed recorded at a low level site in England was 118mph, set in 1979 in Cornwall. Highest 24 hour rainfall? 279mm in Dorset, 1955. Highest 60 minute rainfall? 92mm, Berkshire in 1901. (The only record set in the last decade was the 2-day record for rainfall at Seathwaite.)",,1_7
"Over the full record (1979-2010) the real world has only warmed about two-thirds as much as models indicate that it should have. If this continues to the end of the century, the IPCC?s 21st century warming range of 1.1 C to 6.4 C becomes about 0.75 C to 4.25 C ?with a central value of 2.5 C. But what?s worse is that a model/observation disparity could indicate that the climate models are not faithfully reproducing reality, which would mean that they are not particularly valuable as predictive tools.",,5_1
"8. For example, the original draft of the 2001 IPCC Summary for Policy Makers"" read as follows: ""From the body of evidence since IPCC (1996), we conclude that there has been a discernible human influence on global climate. Studies are beginning to separate the contributions to observed climate change attributable to individual external influences, both anthropogenic and natural. This work suggests that anthropogenic greenhouse gases are a substantial contributor to the observed warming, especially over the past 30 years. However, the accuracy of these estimates continues to be limited by uncertainties in estimates of internal variability, natural and anthropogenic forcing, and the climate response to external forcing."" This wording was changed to: ""In the light of new evidence and taking into account the remaining uncertainties, most of the observed warming over the last 50 years is likely to have been due to the increase in greenhouse gas concentrations.""",,0_0
"Which agreements specifically? Deese apparently did not name names. Fortunately, the State Department has a searchable database on International Agreements to Which the United States Is a Party (TIAS) going back to 1996. So I decided to check for environmental agreements negotiated or adopted during the Bush presidency as executive agreements rather than treaties. Using the search terms environment"" and ""conservation,"" I find 15 environmental executive agreements. I list them at the end of this post.""",,0_0
"This narrated video gives an overview of net primary production and the carbon cycle. High-resolution data from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer, or MODIS, indicate a net decrease in NPP from 2000-2009, as compared to the previous two decades. Credit: NASA/Michelle Williams",,0_0
"South Korea and Singapore employ fewer teachers than other systems; in effect, this ensures that they can spend more money on each teacher at an equivalent funding level. Both countries recognize that while class size has relatively little impact on the quality of student outcomes (see above), teacher quality does. South Korea's student-to-teacher ration is 30:1, compared to an OECD average of 17.1, enabling it in effect to double teacher salaries while maintaining the same overall funding level as other OECD countries....",,0_0
"The shale gale and the resulting drop in domestic carbon-dioxide emissions is a remarkable story. Thanks to market forces, not government regulation, the U.S. is reducing its emissions faster than Europe is, even though the European Union has imposed a myriad of regulations aimed at cutting them. Indeed, last year carbon-dioxide emissions rose by 1.3 percent in Germany, the EU's largest economy.",,0_0
"To promote its claim that any soot and dust particles are deadly, the agency employs epidemiological"" studies that attempt to link slightly higher death and pollution rates in different locales and attribute the difference to manmade particulates. However, it is impossible to distinguish health effects due to vehicle, refinery or power plant pollutants from scores of natural pollutants, or to tell whether a death was caused by pollution or by bacteria, obesity, smoking, diabetes or countless other factors.""",,0_0
"In the field of governance, things are not a great deal better in the UK. We have seen a second instalment of the CRU Climategate e-mails, which tell us little new but confirm the culture of shiftiness, obstruction and the stifling of debate seen in the first instalment. We still hear from time to time the mantra of, The science is settled, the debate is over from politicians and even from some scientists.",,5_2
"CEI bases its challenge on the Federal Data Quality Act (FDQA). The FDQA requires that data disseminated by the government meet basic scientific standards for objectivity"" and ""utility."" CEI contends that the National Assessment on Climate Change (2000) fails this test. The FDQA prohibits taxpayer funding of dissemination of such junk science, and last week CEI filed suit.""",,0_0
Is US Per Capita GDP Growth in Decline?,,0_0
"The global warming legislation backed by President Obama would drive jobs overseas, since it would impose a costly cap-and-trade carbon rationing scheme on American industry, while leaving foreign plants operated by multinational corporations unregulated. Companies with plants overseas are lobbying for the global warming legislation, which would give them an advantage over American competitors. The legislation Obama backs may perversely increase pollution by driving industry overseas to places with fewer environmental regulations.",,4_1
"Republican and Democratic office holders and their retinues show a similar presumption to dominate and fewer differences in tastes, habits, opinions, and sources of income among one another than between both and the rest of the country. They think, look, and act as a class. . . . Differences between Bushes, Clintons, and Obamas are of degree, not kind.",,0_0
"The Mercury-News of San Jose, California advocates nation standards for recycling the used electronics and computer components known as e-waste.""",,0_0
"But the draft document, one of many floating around the conference, gives a glimpse into the long-term vision some nations hold for the creation of an international legal framework on climate change.",,0_0
"This offset program, the Carbon Capital Fund, will link consumers' offset investment to projects on National Forests to sequester additional carbon as well as improve water quality, increase wildlife habitat, and improve the ecological condition of our National Forests and Grasslands .",,0_0
"The authors report there is a common perception in the media, and even government and management circles , that is due to an increase in tropical cyclone frequency and perhaps in intensity, probably as a result of global climate change."" However, as they continue, ""studies all over the world show that though there are decadal variations, there is no definite long-term trend in the frequency or intensity of tropical cyclones."" Hence, they conclude that ""the specter of tropical cyclones increasing alarmingly due to global climate change, portrayed in the popular media and even in some more serious publications, does not therefore have a sound scientific basis."" References""",,1_7
"Wikipropganda, by Lawrence Solomon, National Review Online, July 8, 2008: http://www.nationalreview.com/article/224785/wikipropaganda-lawrence-solomon""",,0_0
"Lieberman tried but failed to persuade Senate colleagues to support a version of the 1992 Energy Policy Act that included a GHG early credit program. Instead, House and Senate conferees established the Section 1605(b) voluntary reporting of greenhouse gases program, which does not award or certify credits.",,0_0
"They accomplish this through a spectacular hockey stick of data tampering, which cools the past and warms the present.",,5_2
"At that time, those FOI requests referred to in the emails had been long since submitted. The stonewalling evident in the emails was well entrenched. The skeptics were trying to find enough information to attempt replication of The Teams work but were having difficulty getting that information. Also, the public was almost entirely in the dark about there being any other possible side of the story, in spite of the work of Christy, Spencer, Richard Linzen, Willie Soon, and others, including many studies on the supposedly non-existent Medieval Warm Period and Little Ice Age that showed those two events were actually global, as opposed to Manns assertion that they were only regional.",,5_2
"And whoops! climate scientists conceded last year that the Earths surface temperature stopped rising in 1997. (Or did temps take a temporary pause, as warmists say?) Too bad for makers of jet-skis and tank tops: We might see global cooling into the 2030s.",,1_4
3. The energy policies of the federal government must be vigorously protested because they are disastrous to the economy.,,4_1
"This air is also very moist, something suggested by the 10 AM water vapor product from satellite data (see below). We have an atmospheric river today, with a narrow streamer of moisture extending from the tropics into our region.",,0_0
Europe may have to be buried under a kilometer thick sheet of ice before people wake up to the hoax of global warming.,,1_2
"Why should you be interested? Sea surface temperature records indicate El Nio and La Nia events are responsible for the warming of global sea surface temperature anomalies over the past 30 years, not manmade greenhouse gases. Ive searched sea surface temperature records for more than 4 years, and Ive searched ocean heat content records for more than 3 years, and I can find no evidence of an anthropogenic greenhouse gas signal. That is, the data indicates the warming of the global oceans has been caused by Mother Nature, not anthropogenic greenhouse gases.",,2_1
"In another email exhange, Mr. Mann wrote to Mr. Jones: This was the danger of always criticizing the skeptics for not publishing in the ""peer-reviewed literature.' Obviously, they found a solution to thattake over a journal! So what do we do about this? I think we have to stop considering ""Climate Research' as a legitimate peer-reviewed journal. Perhaps we should encourage our colleagues in the climate research community to no longer submit to, or cite papers in, this journal.""",,5_2
"The derived 20 year trend in sea ice extent from the monthly deviations is 11.18 4.19 x 10 3 km 2 yr -1 or 0.98 0.37% (decade) -1 for the entire Antarctic sea ice cover, which is significantly positive.",,1_1
"Thanks to Anthony, Sue and many others who helped out in Newcastle. On behalf of David Stockwell, David Archibald, and myself, I thank you for your hospitality and efforts.",,0_0
"Of course, not everbody sees it that way. In a recent letter urging Senators to vote against the Murkowski resolution, former EPA Administrator Russell Train contends that Congress did intend for EPA to regulate greenhouse gases through the Clean Air Act. His argument may be summarized as follows:",,0_0
"Finally, this Framework recognizes that, as we expand manufacturing in the United States, the tax code should encourage doing so in way that is sustainable and that puts the United States in the lead in manufacturing the clean energy technologies of the future. This will create jobs here at home and can also have important spillover benefits. Moving toward a clean energy economy will reduce air and water pollution and enhance our national security by reducing dependence on oil. Cleaner energy will play a crucial role in slowing global climate change, meeting the Presidents goal of producing 80 percent of our nations electricity from clean sources by 2035",,0_0
"The United States and the Soviet Union are mounting large-scale investigations to determine why the Arctic climate is becoming more frigid, why parts of the Arctic sea ice have recently become ominously thicker and whether the extent of that ice cover contributes to the onset of ice ages.",,1_1
A very significant correlation (Rz 0.57 to 0.80) is found in the 22 yr solar Hale cycle band (1632 years ) with lags from zero to four years between latitudinal averages air surface temperature and Rz. Therefore it seems that the 22 yr magnetic field solar cycle might have a higher effect on Earths climate than solar variations related to the 11-yr sunspot cycle.,,2_1
Polar bears no longer on ???thin ice??: researchers say polar bears could face brighter future: ??? a combination of greenhouse gas mitigation and control of adverse human activities in the Arctic can lead to a more promising future for polar bear populations and their sea ice habitat ??,,3_2
"We found that two key physical processes, which were often overlooked in previous process models, were actually essential for accurately describing whether sea ice loss is reversible, said Eisenman, a professor of climate dynamics at Scripps Oceanography. One relates to how heat moves from the tropics to the poles and the other is associated with the seasonal cycle. None of the relevant previous process modeling studies had included both of these factors, which led them to spuriously identify a tipping point that did not correspond to the real world.",,5_1
Limits on U.S. Influence on Global GHG Control,,0_0
Perhaps Pachauri and journalist Stanford would care to explain which part of Teske?s CV makes him a distinguished scientist.,,0_0
Winter? Teesdale in County Durham blanketed in snow on May 23 in what is likely to be Britains coldest spring since 1962,,1_3
"Having played a singing elephant on stages across the country, Cleo Berry is well acquainted with the vagaries of show business. But he still was stunned to learn that he had unwittingly become an amputee in advertisements that New York City is posting to warn of the dangers of diabetes.",,0_0
"Congressman Grijalva and Senators Markey, Boxer and Whitehouse sent letters to universities, think tanks and companies, demanding detailed information on skeptics funding and activities in an attempt to destroy their funding, reputations and careers, while advancing crony climate alarm science . Equally intolerable, Democrats and the White House are blocking efforts to ensure that environmental regulations are based on honest, unbiased, transparent, replicable science that accurately reflects real-world evidence.",,0_0
"The faint grey dashed lines represent the 1?? spread of the model-mean projections. In principle, this spread represents the structural uncertainty arising from l lack of understanding of the physics. In truth, it??s actually something of a bastard value because some models only have 1 run. So,the spread may include a large contribution from ???weather??, which is a random sort of uncertainty??. (That said, this sort of 1?? spread was shown in figure 10.4 in the AR4.)",,5_1
"That preoccupation with risk is expressed differently in arguments about climate and terror, but the logic is the same, and their nexus is interesting. Since the claims in currency are so contested, it would be prudent to understand the desire to naturalise complex things such as war than to take the claims at face value.",,0_0
There are two other graphs spanning over five hundred million years by R. A. Berner and C. R. Scotese which show that there is no correlation at all between CO2 and temperature. These well publicized graphs were conveniently omitted from this section.,,2_3
Are Tornadoes Getting Stronger? Rebuttal to Elsner et al.,,0_0
"But, as we already know , Katharine is not really a proper climate scientist.",,5_2
Solar physicist Richard Harrison says he has never seen the sun this quiet in more than 30 years of studying it.,,0_0
"Ethanol and biofuels have been wrongly depicted by politicians like Al Gore as a solution to global warming. But in reality, subsidized ethanol production gravely harms the environment, and also causes starvation, high food prices, and rioting.",,0_0
"A large increase in the supply of energy will be required in coming decades to power economic development, the IAEA recognizes, projecting that to the year 2030 the part nuclear power will play in the global energy supply will first grow and then decrease.",,0_0
"The remaining warmingthat which possibly could be caused by anthropogenic GHG increasesnow stands at about 0.366 Cor just 52% of the EPA's observed"" increase.""",,0_0
"The sun is causing the cooling thats going on. The sun reached a peak of activity around 2000 and has been declining ever since, said Ball, who noted that the cooling trend will continue for years to come.",,1_2
"The historical data also casts serious doubt on the hypothesis that carbon dioxide causes dangerous global warming. Since 1958 theres been a 30% increase in atmospheric carbon dioxide. If this had a major influence on temperature wed expect to see clear evidence of the temperature line rising relative to the SOI line, which is not apparent.",,2_3
"To understand where it all went awry let's start with one of the biggest errors committed within the infant science of climatology; starting from the false assumption that outer space is 'cold' and that heat-trapping 'greenhouse gases' have always kept our planet warmer than it would otherwise be. To believe this nonsenseis to thenmake other false assumptions, as we shall see below.",,2_3
"This is why I have trouble trusting GISS data. We keep finding instances like this one where the historical temperature record has been adjusted for no discernible or apparently logical reason. Cedarville, CA, which I previously highlighted is another prime example of a rural station with a long history, little growth, no UHI, but with an artificially enhanced positive temperature trend .",,5_1
"There are other reporters that make up history when it comes to congressional climate policy. Ezra Klein does it, too.",,0_0
"Heavy snow is expected on Wednesday in parts of Canterbury and Marlborough, with the MetService warning snow could be more than 1 meter (3 feet) deep in places.",,1_3
"Secondly, it misunderstands the nature of public goods problems, in which players benefit by avoiding the costs of providing the good rather than leaping headlong into them. When we offer to reduce our carbon emissions, pay for green research, or otherwise make some sacrifice for the global environment, we are merely generating a benefit for the rest of the world to free-ride off of, bearing the weight of having three men do the work of two so that others will not have to make the same effort.",,0_0
 at the heart of the science of climate change and the orthodoxy that recent rises in temperature are largely man-made.,,0_0
"A novel aspect of the approach is that it uses decision analysis as a framework for characterizing the climate future, and consequently, climate projections, in terms of their position relative to decision thresholds. In doing so, it uses stochastic analysis for risk identification and uses GCM projections for risk estimation , assigning probabilities to hazards, thus linking the two methods.",,0_0
"CEI Response: FactCheck neglects to mention that the study it cites is based on only three years of data, from 2002 to 2005. This is strange, because FactCheck later argues, quoting a caveat in the study on Greenland's glaciers that we referenced in our ad, that the 11-year-long data set developed here remains too brief to establish long-term trends."" If 11 years is too brief to establish a long-term trend, then three years must be an even less adequate basis for trend analysis. Apparently, FactCheck wants people to be frightened by three years of data but not reassured by 11 years of data. This confirms our ad's basic point: in general, media coverage is biased in favor of climate alarmism.""",,5_2
"Eco-nihilism chronicles how, after the successful ending of serious ecological threats such as water and air pollution, environmental activism soon replaced what was previously known as environmentalism in general. This new activist form of environmentalism slowly began to embrace policies that promoted the precautionary principle,"" a line of reasoning that chased after risks (no matter how small) and took up fights against hypothetical future threats (no matter how remote). The reason for this new turn in environmental thought was that some activists became addicted to the political successes they enjoyed advancing their environmental policies and wanted to see them continue.""",,0_0
"But back to the negative curvature of the sensitivity plot. The change in air temperature is supposed to be linear with forcing. But here we see that for 50 years average air temperature has been negatively curved with forcing. Something is happening. In proper AGW climatology fashion, I could suppose that the data are wrong because models are always right.",,5_1
"Recent attempts to openly attack prominent scientists have crossed a line, raising this destruction to new heights, making real scientists think twice about working on climate. The attacks are carried out with a particularly pungent red herring that makes it nearly impossible to keep the hounds from distraction.",,0_0
President Obamas business tax reform plan released today says:,,0_0
"How high was this monster? The radar suggested about 40,000 ft, very high for our neck of the woods (see figure)",,0_0
"The reason why this is the case appears to be that the negative phase of the PDO also favors longwave low pressure troughs over the U.S. The following regional correlation plot between the negative of the PDO and temperature shows this quite clearly, with a very cool West and somewhat warm South and Southeast:",,0_0
"In May, researchers reported in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences that the rate of manmade carbon dioxide emissions was three times greater during 2000 to 2004 than during the 1990s. But while humans may be burning more fossil fuels than ever before, that ever-increasing activity isn't having any sort of discernible or proportionate impact on global temperatures.",,0_0
"So, facing mounting scientific for a substantially lower climate sensitivity, the best the IPCC could bring itself to do was to reduce the low end of its likely range by one-half degree, refuse to put a value on its best guess, and still cling to its high end number. Big deal.",,3_1
"To summarize, a pro-AGW paper being peer reviewed by other climate scientists is probably (like Briffa appears to have been) being considered favorably because of its results, is being reviewed by reviewers who know and often have co-authored with the papers writer, likely contains undisclosed data treatment that influences the result, is being reviewed by reviewers who do not have the mathematical background to spot subtle statistical errors, and is being judged on conformity to accepted practices in the discipline in a discipline that is evolving so quickly that the accepted practices themselves are not well validated.",,5_2
"There are attempts in the paper to link the supposed increase in tornado intensity to climate change. Elsner goes further in an earlier presentation , saying",,0_0
Exceptionally unlikely . <1% probability,,0_0
"The Meteorological Agency, which has been keeping statistics on typhoons since 1951, said the lowest number 16 was in 1998. The average per year between 1971 and 2000 was 26.7, while the most on record is 39 in 1967.",,1_7
"But there's one major problem: while President Obama poses in front of pipelines in Oklahoma, pretending to be a friend of oil and natural gas, he has given marching orders to his administration to do everything possible to end hydraulic fracturing. Remember, as I mentioned earlier, Armendariz was the one who was caught on tape admitting the EPA's general philosophy"" is to ""crucify"" and ""make examples"" of oil and gas companies, specifically targeting hydraulic fracturing.""",,0_0
"The President and Democrats claim the secret science bill would unduly burden regulators. Baloney. The rules would simply require that promulgators of government edicts live according to the same rules they impose on us: Be honest and transparent. Show us your data, calculations and analyses. Demonstrate that you have examined all relevant studies not just what supports your agenda, while you ignore everything else. Back up your analyses and decisions with actual evidence . Answer our questions. Recognize that collusion, deceit and fraud have no place in public policy, and will no longer be tolerated.",,0_0
"Now where is the error? Where is the error both in logic and in Physics? I believe that what Bob Carter said to me was fundamentally correct that is to say that all molecules radiate every which way including downwards, but he omitted",,0_0
a two-by-four to understand that little can be accomplished without working with,,0_0
"The scientists noted that the largest recent period of Antarctic warming occurred during the 1990s as the result of a particularly lengthy and strong set of El Nio conditions in the equatorial Pacific Ocean. Many other decades, including pre-industrial times such as the 1830s, also showed marked temperature spikes, according to the latest report.",,2_1
"She schlepped that tutu and that tiara for the whole 13.1, walking only at a couple of the last water stops. This event was 95% women, and attracts a LOT of folks who really don't run the whole thing, so it was a great place for her to begin. It's also pretty laid back, as there are actually character photo ops every mile, though we skipped those. I have not seen our time, but we probably did about 2:45. That's 20 minutes worse than my time five years ago -- it would be nice to say I was holding back to stay with my daughter but in fact she pulled me through the last mile. Muscles and cardio were fine but the knees and ankles really can't take it any more. But I proudly wore this bad boy all day.",,0_0
"Heres why that 184,000 deaths from soda claim is bogus",,0_0
"Eleanor Coner, SPTC's information officer, said, It's dangerous when the Internet is littered with opinion and inaccurate information which could be taken as fact,"" she told the Scotsman for a June 21 article.""",,0_0
"Respected unpaid climate analyst, Malcolm Roberts, of Brisbane, Australia compiled the 'CSIROh! Report' on the invitation of ABC Radios Steve Austin. Across 29 pages Roberts details a litany of evidence proving that the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), Australia's national science agency, corruptly and unlawfully misrepresented science, climate and Nature.",,5_2
"Indeed, over the last two decades, 1199 has perfected a brand of politics that allows the union to get most or all of what it wants from New York governorseither by entering into mutually beneficial alliances or by organizing to quash reform plans that might be adverse to its members. George Pataki entered the governor's mansion in 1995 with bold plans for health-care reform, which focused on getting control of Medicaid costs.",,0_0
That observation ties into another Alpbach theme: pushing global financial regulation even further.,,0_0
"The European Environmental Agency tracks Europe's performance regarding the reduction of CO2 emissions. Its latest report states: The European Union's greenhouse gas inventory report shows that emissions have not only continued their downward trend in 2008, but have also picked up pace. The EU-27's emissions stood 11.3% below their 1990 levels, while EU-15 achieved a reduction of 6.9% compared to Kyoto base-year levels.""",,0_0
"With this morning's Freedom of Information Act request, the explaining they have to do must begin by providing the taxpayer certain records regarding including but not limited to user names and passwords for a backchannel cloud' established to hide IPCC deliberations from FOIA, thereby also seeking to undermine the Presidential Records Act (PRA) of 1978.""",,0_0
"I really do not know how these two managed to get themselves tarred with the global warming brush so late in this scam. Im not going to speculate how it was done, but the simple fact is that the Republicans now have two democrat fools with huge targets painted on their backs and a heap big pile of ammunition and some of the best crack shots Ive seen.",,5_2
"The videos also have a host of other misrepresentations, including stating that the model-predicted tropical tropospheric hot spot has been observed ( it has not ),that only by including CO2 (imaginary) positive feedbacks can models predict temperature (without including any consideration of ocean oscillations, clouds, water vapor effects, etc.), and many others. Sad day for science.",,5_2
16i. The ability of global climate models to model extreme events for the next 10 years,,0_0
"(All my posts tagged Matt and Janet Thompson , & Peter Spencer )",,0_0
"The extra CO 2 eliminated the need for any sugar to be supplied to the plantlets, with shoot dry weight in the CO 2 -enriched air exceeding that in the ambient air by 120% in the non-sweetened treatment at the end of the in vitro period, and with root dry weight in the CO 2 -enriched air exceeding that in the ambient air by 350%. Likewise, at the end of the ex vitro period, the CO 2 -induced shoot and root dry weight increases in the non-sweetened treatment were 55% and 86%, respectively. What it means",,3_3
"This is a real concern. The presence of significant economic rents in the area will attract investment like flies to flypaper. For example, President Bush's new Advanced Energy Initiative offers $148 million for solar and $44 million for wind energy research in 2007. In most economic bubbles, the expectation of high profits is driven by inflated claims of the commodity's performance. In this case, those claims are backed in part by taxpayers' money, which makes them all the more attractive to investors. That does not make the bubble any less a bubble, however.",,0_0
"Breitbart took a lot of unwarranted fake-news criticism toward the end of 2016. Contrary to that criticism, Breitbart supplies the biblical minimum ten righteous journalists so that Journalism could be spared divine destruction. For them, helmets were not just a fashion statement in 2016. Thank you for your brave efforts, which have my admiration.",,0_0
"Iran has touted its ability to continue with domestic energy production, notably in the South Pars natural gas field in the Persian Gulf, despite international sanctions targeting its energy sector. In the Caspian, however, Irans recent claims may put it at odds with its neighbours over their rights in disputed territorial waters.",,0_0
"The following will probably just demonstrate my total ignorance of networking protocols, but I am not sure why IPv6 couldn't be written in a way that the extra bytes would just be ignored by IPv4 systems. It could be assumed that all IPv4 addresses of the form www.xxx.yyy.zzz map to www.xxx.yyy.zzz.000.000 in IPv6, but this may be wildly simplifying what is going on.",,0_0
Maybe because it corresponds with the period of post WWII cloud seeding experiments. Sorry not PC.,,0_0
"/s/ Dr. Donald M. Curry JSC, Mgr. Shuttle Leading Edge, Thermal Protection Sys., Engr. Dir., 44 years",,0_0
"Let's start this discussion with a simple fact. Since 1960, Democrats have simultaneously controlled the White House and Congress with large supermajorities four times: 1965-66, 1977-80, 1993-94, and 2009-10. In each of the three previous instances, Democrats suffered landslide reversals in Congress within four years of obtaining their supermajorities. They will do so again this year. The only time they did not also then lose the presidency was in 1996, when the triangulator Bill Clinton was reelected. Is this a coincidence?",,0_0
"For a whole host of reasons, many Americans want to reduce their consumption of energy. They may care about the environment; they may want to reduce America's foreign energy dependence; they may want the moral satisfaction of knowing they have done what they can to deny their dollars to petro-barons; or, in today's troubled economy, they may simply want to live more frugally. But the main emphasis in public discussion of reducing energy use has been on the big but hard-to-change itemshousing, vehicles, and so onthat people in highly developed economies have historically proven reluctant to forego.",,0_0
"So, in other words, this chart is totally bogus. There is an essentially flat trend up to the 1998 switch in data definition and an essentially flat trend after 1998. There is a step-change upwards in 1998 due to the data redefinition. This makes this chart useless unless your purpose is to fool generally ignorant people that there is an upwards trend, and then it is very useful. It is not, however, good science.",,0_0
"There is a very interesting passage on that Durrington Walls link above. Ill quote it here, but its probably better read in the context of the original article:",,0_0
"Even my most antagonistic critics have nearly always understood that I have not attempted to offer my own reconstruction. Indeed, this annoys many critics e.g. here . On numerous occasions, Ive explained that reconciliation of inconsistencies between proxies especially between seemingly like proxies in the same region is, in my opinion, a prerequisite prior to any reconstruction being anything other than arbitrary. The inconsistency between various lines of evidence in the Yamal-Polar Urals region is a type case of such inconsistency.",,0_0
"Pershing also suggested U.S. financial support for the Green Climate Fund would not be a sticking point, because Paris puts pressure on industrial countries to mobilize"" $100 billion for the fund, not pay it all out of ""public coffers.""",,0_0
"What is Azar's and Rodhe's scientific"" assessment: ""It appears that to keep the changes in global temperature within the range of natural fluctuations during the past millennium, . . . atmospheric CO2 concentration has to be stabilized at around 350 parts per million by volume (ppmv)."" This would keep the temperature variation at around 1 degree Celsius. They state that until proven otherwise, that a 2 degree Celsius increase in temperature should be considered a critical level. To achieve stabilization at 350 ppmv would mean a 50 percent decrease of CO2 emissions worldwide, below current levels, over the next century.""",,0_0
"I was in Newcastle, NSW AU on Wednesday night to give another lecture as part of the Australian speaking tour Im doing. I had the pleasure of following David Stockwell in a presentation, and David Archibald followed me.",,0_0
"Obviously it would be uncharacteristic of a talkshop post to be without some graphs and analysis, so here are the monthly page view stats since the blog started just over two years ago:",,0_0
"And therein lies the real reason why so many global warming cultists are so desperate to change the terms of the debate. Rather than discuss the actual science, theyd rather marginalize anyone who disagrees with their policy prescriptions.",,5_2
Independent climate researcher Nick Lewis put out a study last year with Georgia Techs Dr. Judith Curry that found that the climates response to a doubling of atmospheric CO2 levels a measurement called climate sensitivity was 1.64 degrees Celsius.,,3_1
India's Future Climate: No Cause for Alarm,,0_0
"An incredible oil boom is underway, destroying the governments measely estimates for production and getting the US to the point where we will soon challenge Saudi Arabia for the worlds biggest producer",,0_0
"Simple. We call it what it is, and we continue to speak freely and fearlessly, whether they like it or not, until they actually get to the point of putting us on trial for ?high crimes against humanity?. We will not, repeat not, repeat not, be silenced.",,0_0
My next step was to use matlab to cram the data through RegEm to generate some outputs as determined by Steig et. al guessing at parameters to find what makes the algorithm converge.,,0_0
"There's no ready answer to the question of which is the best path, Roosevelt's or Reagan's.",,0_0
"But in Cancun, there was a problem. Japan?s climate delegation steadfastly refused to renew its commitments, complaining that China, India, and the United States ? some of the world?s largest ?emitters? ? were not participating. ?It does not make sense to set a second commitment period,? Japanese Environment Vice-Minister Hideki Minamikawa told reporters. ? to Kyoto only represent 15 per cent of global emissions, but the countries who have signed up to the Copenhagen accord cause 80 per cent of emissions. We want a single binding treaty . We should jump ship to a more effective framework.? Canada, Russia, and some other governments were also opposed to renewal. But Third World governments on the climate dole, including the communist Chinese regime and other, smaller ones, demanded the renewal of Kyoto as a precondition for ?progress.? Climate delegations had reached an impasse ? or so it seemed.",,4_2
"According to a document deposited at the Geneva-based U.N. Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) in advance of a planned meeting next month, China now the worlds largest source of greenhouse gases insists that the U.S. and other developed countries endure most of the economic pain of carbon emission cutbacks, and need to make significantly more sacrifices in the months ahead.",,0_0
"Castro's government apparently went on to ban the film because, the leaked cable claims, it knows the film is a myth and does not want to risk a popular backlash by showing to Cubans facilities that are clearly not available to the vast majority of them.""",,0_0
"Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said he would use weekend meetings of G-20 finance ministers to advance efforts to rebalance"" the world economy so it is less reliant on U.S. consumers, to move toward establishing ""norms"" on exchange-rate policy, and to persuade others the U.S. doesn't aim to devalue its way to prosperity.""",,0_0
"Despite some discrepancies between various data sets, the global temperature differences between 1942 and 1997 are small to none except for land-based thermometer data outside the U.S. This disparity with your warming premise demands an explanation as do the much larger in trends of the Northern Hemisphere compared to the Southern Hemisphere.",,0_0
"The finding may force scientists to rethink current theories of the impact of global warming, writes Rob Waugh in the MailOnline.",,0_0
Surely this means we could be further into a a new ice age than any of us even dared to imagine!! says reader Lee Woods.,,0_0
"One year ago, on January 31, we were treated to another of these Snowmageddon scenarios. At the time, USA Today quoted Gary Szatkowski, a meteorologist at the National Weather Service, as saying: Its a little surprising that people are falling for this.",,0_0
Hgsommar. Boats. Sea. And discussion on climate and energy policy,,0_0
"Not only has the intensity of hurricanes fallen, but, as George H. Taylor, the state climatologist of Oregon has pointed out, so has the frequency of hailstorms in the U.S. (see Changnon and Changnon) and cyclones throughout the world (Gulev, et al.).",,1_7
"We see this as a bit of a surprise, and potentially significant on a policy level because previous interpretations suggested that global warming might actually help plant growth around the world, Running said. This is a pretty serious warning that warmer temperatures are not going to endlessly improve plant growth.",,0_0
"4 Eugenics, which arose in the US, was advocated by many progressives. It was simply another manifestation of the liberation of man.",,0_0
Via the Guardian . No commentary really necessary ( via Q&O ),,0_0
"The news hook for our scheduled appearance was Hirshberg's new global warming effort called ClimateCounts. The project's ostensible goal is to help consumers make climate-conscious"" purchasing decisions.""",,0_0
"3. But DDT was once nicknamed Double Death Twice"" in the popular press. What happened to people exposed to higher than normal amounts of DDT?""",,0_0
"Back when the sea was thick and lasted for years, cyclones tended to spread the ice out and actually increase its extent, said Julienne Stroeve of the National Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colo . Now, when ice gets spread out, it simply breaks up and disappears.",,0_0
"Next, Nuccitelli attacks Roy Spencer for having said it was entirely possible that summer sea-ice melt was no worse now than it had been in the 1920s and 1930s, when explorers had reported unprecedented warming and loss of sea ice in the Arctic.",,0_0
"None of this would have mattered if the liberal progressives had been right about the reasons they have lost in the past. If Americans genuinely wanted quick implementation of liberal-progressive economic measures, then there would have been no electoral retribution to fear. Indeed, this was the argument many liberal progressives made when the decision was made to go forward with the health-care bill.",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Journalism Fellow Ryan Young on the conflicts created by such rules:,,0_0
"To mention just one flaw, Section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act, the CPP's putative statutory basis, authorizes EPA to regulate particular"" ""stationary sources,"" not the wider marketplace, networked industry, or sector of which a source happens to be a part. Yet the CPP will compel states to revise their laws and regulations on electric dispatch policy, fuel mix policy, and demand-management policy.""",,0_0
"Security and Resilience both are areas where further U.S. Canada policy cooperation would be mutually beneficial. For example, the response to Hurricane Kartina and more recently to Hurricane Sandy revealed challenges providing mutual aid in a crisis skilled professionals should be able to efficiently cross the border with their equipment to help neighbors in need. While work is underway in this area, further efforts to address obstacles with mutual aid agreements could be boosted by their inclusion in the Clean Energy Dialogue. In particular, the two countries could do much more to improve monitoring and coordinated responses to cyber attacks on critical energy infrastructure, where natural gas is playing a growing role north and south of the border.",,0_0
"Last month Landsea, a climate change scientist with the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), resigned as a participant in the producing the report. Landsea had been a chapter author and reviewer for the IPCC's second assessment report in 1995 and the third in 2001, and he is a leading expert on hurricanes and related extreme weather phenomena. He had signed on with the IPCC to update the state of current knowledge on Atlantic hurricanes for the fourth report. In an open letter, Landsea wrote that he could no longer in good conscience participate in a process that is being motivated by pre-conceived agendas"" and is ""scientifically unsound.""",,5_2
"No matter what the weather is like, it always turns out to be exactly the kind of weather we should expect if human activity were causing global temps to rise'",,0_0
"A host of data shows all catastrophic events allegedly caused by CAGW occurred in the past when atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were lower and constant.For many weather events, rates of occurrences recently declined.",,1_7
"Strong has never left any doubt where he places greatest blame for global climate and environmental problems, stating that The United States is clearly the greatest risk to the world's ecological health.""",,0_0
> >> >>concerned with better adaptation to the current climate in,,0_0
Tide gauge data for the 20th century indicates that the average sea level rise rate was 1.8 mm/year. Satellite data from 1993 to present indicates a sea level rise rate of about 3 mm/year. This is part 3 of a series of posts looking for the acceleration necessary to reconcile those two facts,,1_6
"The findings described by the three researchers represent good news for the biosphere , since marine phytoplankton contribute to about half of the global primary productivity,"" and this phenomenon, in their words, ""promotes the absorption of CO 2 from the atmosphere."" Consequently, both the micro- and macro-algae of the world's oceans should be able to do an even better job of performing these vital functions in the brave new (and CO 2 -enriched) world of the future. Reviewed 1 July 2009""",,3_3
people have received SS retirement benefits as an expensive PR campaign,,0_0
"Seabra et al . further state that habitat heterogeneity as determined by surface orientation and, to a lesser extent, height on the shore may provide thermal refugia allowing species to occupy habitats apparently inhospitable when considering only average temperatures,"" and they state that ""this may be important for understanding range shifts contrary to global warming predictions (e.g. Lima et al ., 2007a, 2009; Hilbish et al ., 2010)."" Thus, they emphasize once again that ""thermal heterogeneity within habitats must be fully understood in order to interpret patterns of biogeographic response to climate change."" And if that is done correctly, it would appear that the ""doom-and-gloom"" predictions of the world's climate alarmists, as regards species extinctions in a warming world, may in reality be not all that ""doomy and gloomy.""",,3_2
"Why would Wikipedia risk its reputation in this way? Apparently because its editors"" care more about their role in the global warming debate than about the Web site's future.""",,0_0
"As highlighted in IPCC AR4 (2007), already a moderate warming produces negative consequences: increasing number of people exposed to water stresses, extinction of species and ecosystems, decrease in cereal productivity at low latitudes, land loss due to sea level rise in coastal areas, increase in mortality and morbidity associated to change in the incidence of vector borne diseases or to increased frequency and intensity of heath waves; infrastructural disruption and mortality increase due to more frequent and intense extreme weather event occurrence.",,0_0
"From The Independent this week : ten years later, Britain is trapped in a savage deep freeze . Records are being smashed (on the downside). In Wales the coolest day ever recorded in Llysdinam, Powys, was -11.2 recorded in 1921. This week minus 18 !",,1_3
"So when I heard a wave break right behind our little fishing boat one afternoon as we were coming in between the rock and the hard place, my first thought was that we were about to join the folks from the Mary Jane.",,0_0
"The American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity responded to the latest climate report in a comparable, direct manner. Laura Sheehan, a Senior Vice President of the ACCCE, said, Instead of flying his cabinet members around the world, President Obama and his deputies should take time to visit communities impacted by a much more dangerous threat; this administration's costly regulatory crusade.""",,0_0
"Some Democratic politicians learned lessons from this. Bill Clinton pursued welfare reform and honored, in rhetoric if not always behavior, people who work hard and play by the rules.",,0_0
Understanding Conservative Religious Resistance to Climate Science guest post by David Gushee,,0_0
"How does Brazil's future look with biofuels? As reality finally overcomes media bias and political correctness, the naive excitement of a few years ago when anything Green"" was portrayed as lower in cost, clean, and superior in every technological sense has given way to more rational thinking. Brazil is now going more for oil and gas, via conventional drilling and hydraulic fracturing, onshore and offshore.""",,0_0
Snowcover hangs toughwith warm Gulf of Mexicospells spring trouble,,0_0
"Meet the man, assistant DeSmogger Brendan De Melle , who took a whole hour to get the documents online from the time received. Speed is more important than fact checking in journo-lism I suppose.",,0_0
"And you know what? They're welcome to hold that point of view. My question is, if these academics are so certain they have the truth on their side, why are they so concerned about the views of dissenters? Oh, the dissenters slow progress in addressing the problem, the academics reply:",,0_0
"My conclusion (which, is different from that of the authors) based upon the research presented by Santer et al.?that the models are on the verge of failing?is further strengthened by the results of another paper published in 2011 by Foster and Rahmstorf.",,5_1
Bob Greenes postings on the M6 have some factual inaccuracies:,,0_0
"Chapter 3 The Top Scientists and Best Experts? makes a very valid point, but cites William Gray as an example of an expert that should have been included in the IPCC (Gray is far from the top of my list of people whose input I would value on the IPCC.)",,0_0
The incidence and severity of extreme weather has not increased..the hypothesis that our emissions of CO2 have caused or will cause dangerous global warming is not supported by the evidence.,,1_7
"President George W. Bush's federal budget for fiscal year (FY) 2008 proposed $2.902 trillion in discretionary, entitlement and interest spending. Although those costs fully express the federal government's on-budget scope, the government's reach extends far beyond the taxes that Washington collects. Federal environmental, safety and health, and economic regulations cost hundreds of billions of dollars every yearin addition to official federal outlays.",,0_0
"So by pure counting, it is simply much more likely that the shooter is someone who isn't famous at all. Famous people are just too rare. Moreover, they are more visible. So I would think that a famous man probably has a smaller chance to organize something that remains completely secret than an ordinary man.",,0_0
Wasnt global warming supposed to be about settled science? It sure looks political when you look at the list above.,,0_0
"The idea that wild animals cant coexist with development, and using the presence of wild animals to block development, may not be in the longer term interests of this and other platypus colonies.",,0_0
"Little wonder, during the government shutdown, more than 93% of EPA employees were furloughed when designated as non-essential."" That was more than nine out of every ten employees!""",,0_0
Phony Science Begets Phony Public Policy,,0_0
It seems like a clumsy effort by Norway's socialist government to meddle in domestic American politics by giving a boost to a left-of-center politician whose views are more in sync with Scandinavian socialism.,,0_0
"Unfortunately, it gets worse. In recent months, EPA has issued two regulationsthe Utility Maximum Achievable Control Technology rule and the Carbon Pollution Standard for New Power Plantsthat effectively ban the construction of new coal-fired power plants. Thus, EPA has effectively taken coal, one of America's most abundant and reliable energy sources, off the table.",,0_0
"Plainly, then, the Met Office should now publicly withdraw the claim. That is, the Met Office should admit that the warming shown by the global-temperature record since 1880 (or indeed 1850) might be reasonably attributed to natural random variation.",,2_1
"His deeds also struck a balance between advancing freedom and respecting stability. Rasher conservatives often criticized him for failing to do more to reduce the size of government, but he understood, having been a supporter of FDR himself, how much the safety net meant economically and spiritually to the working and middle classes. He knew that his task was to plant the tree of liberty in the garden of Roosevelt. As he said in 1964, time now for the soft sell to prove our radicalism was an optical illusion.""",,0_0
"So we have an entity that checks off all the boxes for regulatory capture. It's got lots of money. It influences politics. And then it's granted access to literally write policy. Of course, some commentators will claim: But NRDC is selflessly lobbying to achieve environmental protection, which is always a great thing, right?"" Wrong.""",,0_0
"Is the Kyoto Protocol, the global warming treaty negotiated in December 1997, any closer to being ratified by the world's industrial nations today than it was a year ago? Not really, despite a fortnight of diplomatic palaver at the recent UN climate conference in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Still, reports of the treaty's demise are exaggerated. Kyoto foes have yet to define and occupy the moral high ground.",,0_0
"There are many things I do not like about the Environmental Protection Agency, but what angers me most are the lies that stream forth from it to justify programs that have no basis in fact or science and which threaten the economy.",,0_0
"Jones, A. 2005. Potential coastal erosion of the Swan coastal plain. Ch. 7 in Natural Hazard Risk in Perth, W.A. Geoscience Australia.",,0_0
"It is generally accepted that sea levels increased during the 20thC at a rate of about 185mm or about 7. Furthermore studies suggest that there was no acceleration in this rate during that time. One of the best known studies was by Bruce Douglas , who produced the above graph from Tide Gauge records for 23 geologically stable sites.",,1_6
Wayne Crews (wcrews@cei.org) )is Vice President for Policy at CEI. Research Associate Ryan Young also contributed to this article.,,0_0
The plot for Sunday 8-10-2003:,,0_0
"Fourth and finally, the president asserted his willingness to act on behalf of human dignity, which he declared to be a matter of national security. Hearkening back to his first point though, the question remains whether it is a core"" interest. If so, how then would this be any different than George W. Bush's ""freedom agenda,"" which was centered on the promotion of human dignity and liberty? If it is not core, would we be willing to intervene to support it without a coalition? One has to consider the ongoing situation in Syria when dissecting the logic of this point.""",,0_0
"Economists debate the message"" being sent by the choice of recipients for this year's Nobel Prize in Economics.""",,0_0
"One needs only to spend a few days in Moscow talking to the intelligentsia or, better yet, to take a quick look at the blogs on LiveJournal (Zhivoy Zhurnal), Russia's most popular Internet platform, or at the sites of the top independent and opposition groups to see that the motto of the 1980s We cannot live like this any longer!"" is becoming an article of faith again. The moral imperative of freedom is reasserting itself, and not just among the limited circles of pro-democracy activists and intellectuals. This February, the Institute of Contemporary Development, a liberal think tank chaired by President Dmitry Medvedev, published what looked like a platform for the 2012 Russian presidential election:""",,0_0
"CONTIGUOUS US WINTER TEMPERATURES, 1998-2011 per NCDC",,0_0
"Responding to this concern, the six scientists went on to test the ability of the globally-important phytoplankton species Emiliania huxleyi to adapt to ocean warming in combination with ocean acidification. In describing their findings Schluter et al . state that growth rates were up to 16% higher in populations adapted for one year to warming when assayed at their upper thermal tolerance limit,"" while particulate inorganic and organic carbon production was -- as a result of adaptive evolution over a period of three years -- 101% and 55% higher under combined warming (26.3 vs. 15.0??C) and acidification (2200 vs. 400 ??atm CO 2 ), respectively, than in non-adapted controls.""",,3_2
He fills the false journalistic need for balance on the topic,,0_0
Singer Converges on ZERO Climate Carbon Forcing,,0_0
"The unprecedented boom in natural gas supplies over the last few years as been one of the few tail-winds for the US economy over the last few years, as plummeting natural gas prices have lowered costs for both industry and consumers.",,4_5
Figure 1. Projected global temperature rise from the IPCC?s business-as-usual (A1B) scenario (black curve) and the Kerry-Lieberman emissions scenario (red curve).,,0_0
"As I have mentioned before, I am not concerned with finding the sea level rise rate, but rather the change in sea level rise rate. But this set of data averages out to have a 20th century rise rate very close to the commonly reported tide gauge derived average of 1.8 mm/year. ( Click on image if animation does not advance .)",,1_6
