0,subjectivity,1
"Good evening ladies and gentlemen, welcome to SDA Late Nite Radio . Tonight, for your delectation and following on our previous studio version of this song, here are Sade Adu , Tony Momrelle, Leroy Osbourne, Karl Vanden Bossche, Pete Lewinson, Ryan Waters, Paul S. Denman, Andrew Hale, and Stuart Matthewman performing Smooth Operator (and Redeye ) at their Lover's Live concert in 2002 (8:18). Your Reader Tips are, as always, welcome in the comments.",,0_0
"4. High costs of seed. If the farmer doesn't make more from the biotech seed than from saving his own seed, he won't buy it. If the seeds increase his food security and/or profits the cost will be covered. 5. Legal restrictions on farmers saving biotech seed for replanting. Seed sales are the only way for biotech companies to fund their research. More and more biotech crops, moreover, are coming from non-profit organizations such as Gates, universities, and the International Maize and Wheat Improvement Center",,0_0
"As part of President Barack Obamas push to update the countrys electricity grid, NV Energy got a matching grant of $139 million through the federal stimulus. The utility began installing them in September 2010, after the Nevada Public Utilities Commission deemed them safe, secure, private and accurate.",,0_0
"If you don't visit Freedom Pub and the Heartlander digital magazine every day, you're missing out on some of the best news and commentary on liberty and free markets you can find. But worry not, freedom lovers! The Heartland Weekly Email is here for you every Friday with a highlight show. Subscribe to the email today, and read this week's edition below.",,0_0
"One mechanism that suggests a link between the Sun and recent cold winters is ???blocking??. Low solar activity causes extensive anticyclones that persist for several weeks in the Atlantic Ocean, causing the warm westerly winds to be replaced by cold, continental north-easterly winds. Depending on the position of the anticyclone, this can also lead to clear skies at night causing the land to cool even further.",,2_1
"First, let?s review the global average temperature, both at the surface, and in the lower atmosphere since 1979?the year that satellite observations of the temperature from the lower atmosphere become reliably available, and pretty near the beginning of the second warming episode of the 20th century.",,0_0
"IPCC reports have predicted that average world temperatures will increase dramatically, leading to the spread of tropical diseases, severe drought, the rapid melting of the world's glaciers and ice caps, and rising sea levels. Congress is considering proposals to slow rising temperatures by joining international agreements or by implementing policies to cut greenhouse gas emissions.",,0_0
"Another $2 billion in the bill was to be allocated per year for researching and developing effective carbon capture and see question method for coal plants kind of like creating a GITMO for dangers posed by Kerry's climate-ravaging carbon terrorist provocateurs. In addition, there was to be a multibilliondollar revenue stream for agriculture to finance a carbonoffset program.",,0_0
"Its important to realize that these are shown on a per molecule basis. Because water vapor (bottom bar of the figure) is much more plentiful in the atmosphere than any of the others, H 2 O absorbs vastly more energy and is by far the most important greenhouse gas. On any given day, H 2 O is a percent or two of the atmosphere; we call that humidity.",,2_3
"Marc Morano, a former aide to U.N. agitator and Republican Sen. Jim Inhofe, told FoxNews.com the document shows the climate talks are intended to create more taxing and regulatory authority.""",,4_1
"Decrease average household purchasing power by $730 in 2015, $800 in 2020, $830 in 2030, and $940 in 2050.",,0_0
"Canada is -- like it or not, take it or leave it -- a country founded on Christian principles...",,0_0
Patrick J. Michaels is Senior Research Fellow for Research and Economic Development at George Mason University and author and editor of ?Climate Coup: Global Warming?s Invasion of our Government and our Lives.?,,0_0
"This spate of problems, as they continue, can (8) be easily found in fully coupled GCMs as the atmospheric, oceanic and coupling processes could all introduce errors and even amplify the errors from each other,"" citing the studies of Delecluse et al . (1998), Grenier et al . (2000), Cai et al . (2011) and Gupta et al . (2013). And they thus remind us that (9) ""current state-of-the-art CGCMs do not resolve oceanic meso-scale dynamics.""",,5_1
"A July 2004 communication from the U.K. East Anglia Climate Research Unit?s director Philip Jones to Michael Mann referred to two papers recently published in Climate Research with a ?HIGHLY CONFIDENTIAL? subject line observed: ?I can?t see either of these papers being in the next IPCC report. Kevin and I will keep them out somehow?even if we have to redefine what the peer review literature is?. Jones and Trenberth, head of the Climate Analysis Section of the U.S. National Center for Atmospheric Research, were joint lead authors for a key chapter of that 2007 report. Mann was an originator of the infamous ?hockey stick? graph suggesting accelerating human-caused global warming since the Industrial Revolution.",,0_0
"Source:?? Popular TechnologyGlobal warming alarmists like to distort the scale on temperature graphs to exaggerate the mild warming of less than a degree since the end of the little ice age. (IPCC +0.74 ??C)NASS GISS Global Land-Ocean Temperature Index (1880-2009)Realist:Alarmist:Source:NASS GISS Global Land-Ocean Temperature Index (1880-2009)This entry was postedon Wednesday, October 13th, 2010 at 2:23 pmand is filed under Uncategorized.You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.Responses are currently closed, but you can trackback from your own site.",,5_2
"She said the world might be approaching a period similar to that from 1965 to 1975, when temperatures fell over a longer period leading some scientists to predict a new ice age.",,1_2
BOTTOM LINE ON THE WARMING OF THE REST-OF-THE-WORLD SEA SURFACE TEMPERATURES,,0_0
"If I had done what Schmidt described, then I would agree that his complaint would be justified. But as Lucia observed, Schmidt saying something is so doesnt make it so. I did not directly refer to or mention his May 11 criticism of my May 6 emulation of the regional chronology. If Schmidt had directly quoted my words, this would have been evident to RC readers. Nonetheless, in order to avoid any misunderstanding on this point, I added a clarifying sentence to the text of the post itself on July 2 as follows:",,0_0
The Hadcrut3 average anomaly so far for 2013 is 0.388. This would rank 12th if it stayed this way. 1998 was the warmest at 0.548. The highest ever monthly anomaly was in February of 1998 when it reached 0.756. One has to go back to the 1940s to find the previous time that a Hadcrut3 record was not beaten in 10 years or less. The anomaly in 2012 was 0.406 and it came in 10th.,,1_4
1. All the species of coral that occur in the Great Barrier Reef also grow in Papua New Guinea where the waters are 2 degrees warmer.,,3_2
"Crane has a company to run and shareholders to protect, and his foray into politics and morals may be a smart strategy to keep them whole (and thus himself more than wholethink rent-seeking and crony capitalism ). If its really about amorphous strategy (remember John Brownes Beyond Petroleum and Ken Lays Green Enron), it helps explain why he depends on nothing more than rhetoric to support arguments that apply to a world my students and I dont live in.",,0_0
"An innocent reader would presume that a Nature ???News Feature?? reporting on Met Office decadal forecasts would include the current Met Office decadal forecast. However, this proves not to be the case. Tollefson showed an older decadal forecast issued prior to the downward revision of the Met Office decadal forecast to which Whitehouse had drawn attention. Tollefson showed the multi-model mean from Smith et al 2012 (Clim Dyn), which has negligible difference from the 2011 Met Office decadal forecast. Had Tollefson shown the ???decline?? in the current decadal forecast, Nature would not have been able to make the same unequivocal headline.",,5_2
"Six years later, after still more dysfunction and acrimony, those objections are much less resonant. The idea of encouraging voting to provide more muscle for the broad center of America should be more appealing; the counterargument that we should not be bribing people to vote, less so. The experience of countries like Australia shows that there is no real downside to having near-universal turnout. And the idea of using a carrot to enhance turnout and depress the role of ideological extremists, instead of a stick like a fine for not showing up at the polls, may be more attractive now than it was in 2006. Enhanced voting in primaries, for example, would probably lead over time to fewer bomb-throwers and more problem solvers in state legislatures and in Congress.",,0_0
"The world is unlikely to agree to carbon pricing. It cannot succeed unless it is global but global carbon pricing is unlikely to get implemented, let alone sustained for the time required to deliver the projected benefits.",,0_0
"PUPAGANDA: Hunting, not global warming, affected polar bear population Dr. Mitch Taylor, a Canadian polar bear expert who tracks polar bear populations, says bear populations will show increases, not decreases, in the 2009 census now underway.",,3_2
"The New Left was characterized as much by its impatience as by its lofty ambitions. Its advocates saw the non-attainment of their goals as a moral crime. As such, those who stood in the way of those goals were not merely adversaries, they were enemies: selfish, unlettered, in need of enlightenment. This sentiment is the source of the arrogant condescension that many Americans and most conservatives have felt all too frequently is a defining feature of today's Left.",,0_0
Link to study: Why Ending the Renewable Energy Mandate Is Good for Ohio Families and the Economy,,4_1
"We now know but sought to confirm whether all such records CEI seeks would be on Mrs. Clinton's private email server. After receiving no cooperation from the State Department on its key threshold request, CEI was forced to sue. CEI's first step was to seek documents relating to the email and record keeping and security practices of Secretary Clinton and her inner circle, including if they submitted the required attestation whether they possessed any work-related emails on non-official accounts or thumb drives.",,0_0
"The business lobby, hoping to fend off potentially sweeping emission limits, wants the US EPA to hold a Scopes-like hearing on the evidence that climate change is man-made. Read more here .",,0_0
"Atmospheric pressure, gravity and temperatures Every planet with sufficient gravity to hold onto a substantial atmosphere shows a temperature gradient like the earth's, warmer as you approach the surface - and always far warmer than radiative physics allows. Every planet. Despite evidence now available to us, however, trace gas heating theory has a firm grip on the minds of skeptic and believer alike. Decades more look likely to pass before this 19th century conjecture is finally abandoned.",,2_3
"The federal probe was closed in February, but USADA announced in June it had evidence Armstrong used banned substances and methods and encouraged their use by teammates. The agency also said it had blood tests from 2009 and 2010 that were fully consistent with blood doping.",,0_0
"Nicolas D. Loris, No More Energy Subsidies: Prevent the New, Repeal the Old,"" Heritage Foundation Backgrounder No. 2587, July 26, 2011, http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2011/07/no-more-energy-subsidies-prevent-the-new-repeal-the-old.""",,0_0
"While the pivotal states of this strategy appear to be Pakistan, Iran, and (more recently) Saudi Arabia, the geopolitical situation of Iran puts it in a class by itself, as the most precious proxy in China's indirect approach"" against American primacy. It is therefore no surprise to learn that China is using Iran as a conduit for the delivery of arms to both Iraqi and Afghan insurgents, and providing Iran itself the kind of small boats needed to conduct attacks against commercial shipping or the U.S. Navy in the Persian Gulf.13""",,0_0
"A quote from an IPCC insider: As far as I can tell, there is no data quality assurance associated with what the IPCC is doing.",,5_2
"We have a growing population with growing energy needs. The last thing we should do is implement policies that will reduce the supply of energy. We need more energy, and we need affordable energy. Adopting a carbon-cutting regime, la Kyoto, will give us neither.",,0_0
"The U.S. Bureau of Land Management suspended issuing wind permits on public land indefinitely this summer after wildlife officials invoked a decades-old law for protecting eagles, according to interviews and documents obtained by The Associated Press.",,0_0
"85) Ice-core data clearly show that temperatures change centuries before concentrations of atmospheric CO2 change. Thus, there appears to be little evidence for insisting that changes in concentrations of CO2 are the cause of past temperature and climate change.",,2_3
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Senior Fellow Iain Murray on what everyone needs to know about global warming.,,0_0
"Looking at the list, it would seem that so such person is to be found among the eminent individuals who make up the Deutsche Bank's Climate Advisory Board: all appear as people who are (to quote a nice phrase from Clive Crook) 'precommitted to the urgency of the climate cause'. A more representative Board, spanning a wider range of opinions. might have taken more trouble to ensure that any published work issued under its auspices would measure up to professional standards.",,5_2
Bombshell conclusion new peer reviewed analysis: worldwide-temperature increase has not produced acceleration of global sea level over the past 100years,,1_6
"Rush Limbaugh read extensively from Codevilla's article on his radio program on Tuesday, and he correctly noted that Republican politicians' position on the edge of the aristocracy makes them extremely insecure and manipulable by the Democrats:",,0_0
Antarctic Sea Ice Sets New Record For Jan 31st,,1_1
"But, of course, you think, were talking about radiation: what about long-term consequences? Unfortunately here the media reports are even less accurate.",,0_0
"How is it possible that so many politicians, their huge bureaucracies, important groups in the scientific establishment, an important segment of business people and almost all journalists see it differently? The only reasonable explanation is that ? without having paid sufficient attention to the arguments ? they have already invested too much into global warming alarmism. Some of them are afraid that by losing this doctrine their political and professional pride would suffer. Others are earning a lot of money on it and are afraid of losing that source of income. Business people hope they will make a fortune out of it and are not ready to write it off. They all have a very tangible vested interest in it. We should say loudly: this coalition of powerful special interests is endangering us.",,5_2
"Our guess is that this is the real political purpose behind the wave of new drilling rules. The Administration has made coal its main fossil-fuel target, but the green lobby also has natural gas in its sights. A frontal assault is too politically risky, which is why regulatory attrition is the preferred approach.",,0_0
Many skeptics' adjustment-phobia unmasks their anti-scientific credentials,,0_0
The scientists included in the Climategate emails from the University of East Anglia Include:,,0_0
I am contacting you regarding your contributed paper. Attached is a letter from Randy Schekman.,,0_0
"The purpose of this paper is to describe existing methodologies to separate decadal natural variability from anthropogenically forced variability, the degree to which those efforts have succeeded, and the ways in which the methods are limited or challenged by existing data. Note that the separation of decadal natural variability from anthropogenically forced variability goes beyond what has already been accomplished in previous studies that focused primarily on the detection of a long-term anthropogenic signal (Hegerl et al. 2007b) because on decadal time scales anthropogenic effects may be nonmonotonic, regionally dependent, and/or convolved with natural variability.",,0_0
"The climate policies in the current draft energy bill would put the U.S. on a slippery slope to energy rationing if enacted, said CEI director of global warming policy Myron Ebell. ""It looks more like a campaign document from Senators Kerry or Lieberman than the sensible policies we expect from Senator Domenici and other Senate conservatives.""",,4_1
">> >things since my return from Washington, but am slowly getting",,0_0
The preamble continues by defining global warming as ?the idea that the world?s average temperature has been increasing over the past 150 years ??,,0_0
"First is a statement in Hansen et al. (2011) The Earths Energy Imbalance and Implications . James Hansen, as youll recall, is the former (retired) director of GISS. In that paper, they discussed a problem with the satellite-measured energy imbalance at the top of the atmosphere and how the climate science community worked around it (my boldface):",,0_0
A DfID spokesman described Teri as a globally respected institution.,,0_0
"Each of modern rationales for energy subsidies that have proposed over the decades, suffers from fundamental analytic weaknesses that should discredit them and the subsidies that result from them. These rationales include: the need for energy independence;"" the need to support infant industries; the need to level the subsidy playing field; harmful enviromental impacts from conventional generation; fears of resource depletion or ""sustainability;"" the creation of jobs by expanding ""green"" energy use; and the harms flowing from climate change due to fossil fuel use or the ""social cost of carbon"" argument. Each of these rationales fail and the subsidies created to meet the stated goals have stifled innovation, slowed economic growth, resulted distorted investment decisions and limited job creation, and did not improve the environment.""",,0_0
"And it will soon become apparent that the converse is not true either - even with insurance, in a top-down rules-driven government-controlledhealth care system, one may not have access to health care. For example, one of my employees was complaining that she was having trouble with workers comp getting care for her injury. This is a follow-up email Ireceivedtoday from my insurance agent (redacted only for privacy issues):",,0_0
"The second part of this classic play is the attempt to discredit your opponent. In this case, Sen. Rockefeller would have us believe that ExxonMobil, as an interested party, cannot be a participant in an honest debate.",,0_0
"Within the green movement, Peter Gleick is a renowned environmental scientist specializing in the negative impact of global warming. He was elected to the National Academy of Sciences, co-founded the Pacific Institute, served as chairman of a task force on scientific ethics and integrity in the American Geophysical Union, and received a prestigious MacArthur Fellowship (aka genius grant) in anticipation of exceptional achievement in his field of research. Peter Gleick is also the self-admitted perpetrator of a recent fraud.",,5_2
"If positive feedback was actually a problem, anthropogenic H2O would be causing more feedback than anthropogenic CO2. Does the climate care which greenhouse gas molecule is making things hotter?",,2_3
"Oh, please. Democracy is the art of wealth redistribution, the bureaucracy is an interest group and benefit/cost analyses can be shaped to support virtually any outcome preferred politically. Consider, for example, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) efficiency rule for medium and heavy trucks, part of the administration's climate action plan; the benefit/cost analysis"" used to justify it is hugely revealing. The EPA has published estimates of the effects of the rule, as follows:""",,0_0
"But if you talk about the relationship to some basic procedures used in the scientific method and technology, not just in the climate science e.g. to adjustments"" I am surely a ""lukewarmer"", together with Steven Mosher, because the label of the full-fledged skeptics has been hijacked by anti-science nut jobs, indeed.""",,0_0
"Despite the reports projected increases in electricity cost and reductions in GDP, the impact of a CES would likely be much worse as the EIAs models (like most other economic models) dont do a very good job of predicting the future and, in the case of a CES, a government-dictated energy market can only lead to disaster.",,4_1
"Strap yourselves in, folks, its gonna be one hell of a ride.",,0_0
"10. The best summary of this work is Indur M. Goklany, Extending the Limits to Growth: Improving the State of Humanity and the Environment, forthcoming from AEI Press. One simple example, however, suffices to expose the shallowness of the I-PAT formula. Where, one asks, is there the most progress in reducing pollution, the largest gains in forestland (10 million acres over the last decade), the most aggressive steps being taken to protect species and habitat, and the most spending on climate research? The United States, the wealthiest and most technologically advanced nation in the world. Speth writes: If there is one country that bears the most responsibility for the lack of progress on international environmental issues, it is the United States,"" while the Ehrlichs write that ""sadly, our nation is also at present the biggest engine of ecological destruction on Earth, the chief (but by no means only) force keeping humanity on collision course with the natural world.""",,0_0
"The over all 15 levels - with different registration periods - average Relative sea-rise (RSLR) for the German Bight is from 1843 to 2008 about 32 cm, the secular increase in the 20th century around 20 cm. The GIA-corrected values (see also Chapter 3) obtained for the above mentioned periods ASLR one of about 22 or 13 cm. There is no secular acceleration, the polynomial in Fig.5 other hand, shows even a slight weakening of the secular increase. A CO2-climate signal (AGW) can not be found.",,1_6
"Obama won less than 20% of US by area, so the press corps his Pravda corpse has been rapidly ramping up the lies about his mandate . This is needed to begin dismantling the US constitution and allow a few coastal cities to destroy the rest of America.",,0_0
5) UK Government Begins To Shift Freeze Blame Onto Science Community,,0_0
"The American Meteorological Society (AMS) and Journal of Climate among others posthumously gave Saltzman the ultimate accolade, father of modern climate theory"" on the publication of his ground breaking ""Theory of Climate' (2002).""",,0_0
Hansen Compares Conservatives and Climate Change Skeptics to Neanderthals,,0_0
"the president of the Royal Society of London drafted a resolution in favour and circulated it to other academies of science inviting co-signing. The president of the RSC, not a member of the Academy of Science, received the invitation. He considered it consistent with the position of the great majority of scientists, as repeatedly but erroneously claimed by Kyoto proponents, and so signed it. The resolution was not referred to the Academy of Science for comment, not even to its council or president.",,5_2
"22 Thou that sayest a man should not commit adultery, dost thou commit adultery? thou that abhorrest idols, dost thou commit sacrilege?",,0_0
"As best we can determine from the Chinese scientists' graph, over the period of time depicted - when climate alarmists claim the world warmed at a rate that was unprecedented over the past millennium or two, and when the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration rose to values not seen for millions of years - the two fatal threats to coral reefs,"" even acting together , could not prevent coral calcification rates on Meiji Reef from actually rising by about 11% over the past three centuries.""",,3_2
"GHCNs adjustment up of NYC data, clearly an urban location, also calls into question the global adjustment process. These kinds of what appears to be arbitrary adjustments imply lack of data quality assurance and constitute a clear violation of the data quality act.",,5_1
"All the evidence points in the same direction there has been no warming in or around Antarctica since 1979. On the contrary, if there is any trend, it is to a cooler climate.",,1_1
"But scientists pick at things, so I will tell him why Le Chatalier?s principle, which he raises there, doesn?t justify the notion of global temperaturenice try Garth. I might even mutter something skeptical about his comments on steady states. He will expect this from me, because he lives by the scientist?s code. I would love to discuss these with you too, but the great climate change fervor was never really about actual science, was it?",,0_0
"Until the temperatures begin to or the IPCC revises its projections, weather watchers will continue to point out that it is difficult to reconcile trends of -1.5C/century with projections of 2C/century projected to apply right now .",,1_4
Pictured: Huge smoke cloud spreads smell of Crow Edge blaze as far south as Sheffield,,0_0
"Global warming, what warming? News coverage of the greatest threat to mankind since legwarmers has dropped off the map.",,0_0
"In the Viscount Monckton article there was a significant contribution by rgbatduke now elevated to a post titled The ensemble of models is completely meaningless, statistically whose comments can be read with reference to this spaghetti graph (with thanks to the authors of it).",,0_0
"The taxpayer-funded, billion-dollar black holes known as 'climate models' have been unable to predict squat when it comes to future climate conditions - as with global temperatures, the same holds true for the newer IPCC models predicting Antarctic sea ice extent.....it's the 'same old, same old'",,5_1
Figure 2) April 2015 Pacific Ocean Shallow Sea Surface (SST) temperature map. Anomalously warmed areas are shown in dark red and orange. Regional shallow sea surface current flow of the Pacific Ocean is from west to east. The location of the anomalously warm temperatures is a small deep ocean area east of New Guinea and is marked as the Heat Point Source on the map.,,0_0
"Farmers object to wind turbines, survey says",,0_0
The 1910-1940 warming was nearly identical to the 1975-2000 warming. Blaming the 1975-2000 warming on CO2 isnt going to fly. It was due primarily to the PDO shift in the mid-1970s.,,2_1
"The Center for Global Development calculates that $10 billion invested in renewable energy technology in sub-Saharan Africa could give 20-27 million people access to basic electricity, whereas the same sum spent on gas-fired generation would supply 90 million.",,0_0
"Future historians will reflect upon this unscientific aberration of our age as highly reminiscent of a time nearly four centuries ago when Galileo hopelessly protested when forced to recant his direct observations,and yet it moves."" Just as the sun doesn't orbit around the earth, perpetual world climate changes don't cycle around earthlings either.""",,0_0
This graph by Drs Christy & Spencer of UAH is referenced in Anthonys article The Ultimate Sceptical Science Cherry Pick of 10th June and will be referred to as the spaghetti graph.,,0_0
"I dont know how much a Tropical Airport exceeds the temperatures of nearby forests nor how much they exceed a Scandinavian Woods, but I do know they will be much warmer Certainly far warmer as a local phenomenon than the tenths and hundredths of a degree of AGW that we are supposed to be panicked about. Far more than anything attributed to CO2.",,5_1
"Mitch did us all a service by calling attention to this most significant Farewell Address by that underappreciated dull, non-intellectual General."" His first warning has done much to restore an understanding of our Founders' skepticism toward centralized power and crusades to remake the world. Here Ike's words recall those of an earlier American president, John Quincy Adams, who, in 1821, while still serving as Secretary of State, said in a speech to the House of Representatives: ""America does goes not abroad, in search of monsters to destroy. She is the well-wisher to freedom and independence of all. She is the champion and vindicator only of her own.""",,0_0
The Real Victim in the ExxonMobil Lawsuit is the First Amendment,,0_0
The graph below plots the number of years between major hurricane strikes in the US. They occur half as often now as they did in the 1940s.,,1_7
"Baliunas: The thermometers go back only about 100 years or so over some substantial portion of the Earth. Then we have to rely on other records. . . . For example, growth of tree rings is retarded during cold times usually and then is more advanced during warm times. . . . Glaciers advance and retreat, mountain glaciers, polar glaciers. Coral growth rings tell us about the temperature of the ocean.",,0_0
"He's not arguing that climate science is a waste of time; rather, he sees value in studying the climate so we can better adapt to change whether it's toward warmer or colder climate conditions;",,0_0
"While Chinas program has been primarily driven by a desire to build globally competitive electric vehicles, air pollution, especially in the cities, has become a national imperative. Yet, if coal-fired power is used to meet electric vehicle electricity demand, the absence of tail pipe emissions will likely be entirely offset by incremental power generation.",,0_0
"What can influence the us in the rich the world is that we may be exposed for an Increased competition may make some of it we need something more expensive, but with continued produktivitetskning will also vr living standards to continue to rise. I want ppeka that this is a mjlig description of how the development will be for humanity, which even if it is true not says something about how it is going to g for individuals or even for individual countries. There will be setbacks that goes to many for shorter or longer periods from experience snkt living standards.",,0_0
"Such predictions should prove crucial to American policymakers and energy producers, many of whom have pledged to make wind energy 20 percent of America??s total energy production by 2030. Currently only about 2 percent of American energy comes from wind.",,4_4
"In addition, I give my greatest appreciation and thanks to those people who I was lucky enough to actually meet and spend time with. These included Benny Peiser; Tim Daw; Nick Luke; the Old Seadog; the Bishop Andrew Montford; Christopher Monckton; Matt, Anya, and Matthew Ridley; Sir Humphry and Katharine Wakefield; Richard Marsh, the Chillingham Game Warden; David the Northumberland fishing guide; James Delingpole; and Josh the cartoonist. If Ive forgotten any, my apologies, youre included too. All of them without exception gave freely and generously of their time and energy to show the marvels and mysteries of their local countryside to three rather benighted and bemused Colonials you all have earned a special place in my pantheon of heroes, come and visit us when you have the chance and well return the favor.",,0_0
"/s/ Gerald C. Griffin JSC, Apollo Flight Director, and Director of Johnson Space Center, 22 years",,0_0
SHOCK: Meet President Gore; Supreme Court overturns Bush vs. Gore,,0_0
Czech president tells UN to stay out of economics and science,,0_0
"What is clear, on the other hand, is that government is an engine of wealth redistribution. Policies making some energy sources more expensive inexorably will create such redistribution because states and regions differ in the proportions of their energy use derived from alternative technologies. In particular, the president's proposals will penalize areas and industries disproportionately dependent on coal-fired power. A recent MIT study concludes that under a policy to reduce GHG emissions California, the Pacific Coast, New England, and New York generally experience the lowest cost while the South Central , Texas, and Mountain States face the highest cost.""",,0_0
Issues related to religion (particularly Evangelical Christianity) and the global warming issue have been discussed previously here:,,0_0
"The IPCC freely admits not knowing which scenario is most likely. But we should bear in mind theres NO EVIDENCE that these amounts of CO2 in the atmosphere will cause any harmful effects. Theyre guessing. Theres no knowing whether 1200 ppm of CO2 (three times what is there now) will produce 0.52 to 0.98 m of sea-level rise, or whether 380 ppm will produce only 0.26 to 0.55 m.",,5_1
"A while back, New Hampshire Republican Senator Judd Gregg told me that America should build 100 nuclear power plants by 2030, a proposal endorsed by the Senate Republican Conference. This will clean up the air,"" he said, ""and reduce reliance on foreign oil. This is a much more constructive approach than the climate change bill.""",,0_0
"They claim the model we used was ???bad?? (even though it is commonly used in many previous studies, and recommended to us by one of the leading climate modelers in the world), and that is was ???tuned?? to match the data. The last claim is absolutely hilarious, since the more complex climate models they use are constantly being re-tuned by small armies of scientists in efforts to get them to better agree with the observed behavior of the climate system.",,5_1
"10 But glory, honour, and peace, to every man that worketh good, to the Jew first, and also to the Gentile:",,0_0
#4 Pr ( My patient like the others | Patients characteristics from previous trial),,0_0
May Free Speech Reign and Scientific Inquiry Prevail,,0_0
"The study is significant because plants soak up carbon from the atmosphere as they grow. As growth slows, the amount of carbon plants take up slows as well, leaving more carbon in the atmosphere to contribute to climate change. It is also a warning that a warming climate could bring a decrease in food and biofuel production.",,0_0
The paper is behind a pay wall but there is a comprehensive summary here.,,0_0
A new report on childhood obesity finds waist sizes rising among kids in the U.S.,,0_0
The State Department encourages you to join the debate as follows:,,0_0
Global sea ice levels decreased but then recently have come back to normal (at least the same levels as when we started monitoring).,,1_1
Satellite Data Show Clouds Have Cooling Impact,,0_0
Except for the fact that every climatologist knows the earths temperature varies by 3 degrees C. From the ice core data it happens quite often. (Our current warming is 0.4. ),,2_1
"Limbaugh describes this group as the conformists; the people who will sacrifice their own identity; the people who will sacrifice who they really are in order to be accepted by people they think are their betters."" Like courtiers in an especially corrupt monarchy, prospective aristocrats today must flatter their rulers and humble themselves to prove their fealty. One can hardly think of a better example of this degrading process than President Clinton's notorious intern Monica Lewinsky.""",,0_0
"Accountability can be hard, global warming muppet Jim Hansen??s predictions from 20 years ago are not even close to observations in today??s climate. Why are we listening to Doctor ???death trains??, exactly?",,5_2
"Of course this just follows a long line of FAIL, the most prominent being the death of the Chicago Climate Exchange and its nickel a ton flatline:",,0_0
"There are many different types of uncertainty that are encountered in the modeling of the climate system, and it is important to understand and characterize and quantify them all. One pervasive type of climate uncertainty is what has frequently been referred to as the unforced or natural variability of climate. This characteristic type of uncertainty is encountered when running a interactive atmosphere-ocean climate model for thousands of years with no change in the external forcing (other than standard diurnal and seasonal change in solar radiation) exhibits variability (by several tenths of a degree) in the global annual-mean surface temperature, essentially over all time scales.",,5_1
"But this is not to say that we may not raise other obstaclessome even in the name of doing something about climate change. For instance, a new study by Indur Goklany (2011) concluded that in 2010 alone the biofuels policies of the developed world caused 192,000 excess deaths in the developing world, from malnutrition and poverty exacerbated by resulting increases in food pricesa seemingly worse outcome than that posed by the problem that such policies were trying to address in the first place.",,4_4
Yours truly: Please give me one piece of evidence in support of your assertion that dangerous climate effects already are visible. Just one.,,0_0
"Blog feature: For more news and analysis, updated throughout the day, visit CEI Open Market.",,0_0
"In other words they are picked as being robust and reliable. Out of the nineteen, only thirteen have records back to 1934 and these are listed below with comparisons of this years temperatures with those of July 1934. The temperatures shown are the actual original readings, and not adjusted, homogenised or otherwise tampered with! (The original handwritten/typed monthly records for these can be accessed on the USHCN site here ).",,0_0
"Union of Concerned Scientists, Choosing Our Future: Climate Change in California.",,0_0
There will be an optimal carbon price and it is implemented globally in unison,,0_0
"But on occasion those scientific articles have been egregiously and obviously flawed, with basic rules of research violated.",,0_0
"Assuming the ocean heat content data and Hansen's forcing estimates are accurate, how could the average radiative forcing be 4 times the average radiative imbalance? The answer is FEEDBACK:",,0_0
Ocean Acidification and Warming (Effects on Corals: Laboratory Studies) Summary,,0_0
"Even without the scandal, the very idea of scientific consensus should give us pause. Consensus,"" according to Merriam-Webster, means both ""general agreement"" and ""group solidarity in sentiment and belief."" That pretty much sums up the dilemma. We want to know whether a scientific consensus is based on solid evidence and sound reasoning, or social pressure and groupthink.""",,5_1
"My plan will keep these investments, and we'll keep reducing the carbon pollution that's also heating the planet, because climate change isn't a hoax. The droughts we've seen, the floods, the wildfires those aren't a joke. They're a threat to our children's future. And we can do something about it. That's part of what's at stake in this election, Obama said.""",,0_0
"Somin includes the following, which I think is an example of where defenders of the President's process (as different from the outcomes) are missing reality. He writes:",,0_0
"The real world is muddy and messy and full of things that we do not yet understand. It is much easier for a scientist to sit in an air-conditioned building and run computer models, than to put on winter clothes and measure what is really happening outside in the swamps and the clouds. That is why the climate model experts end up believing in their own models.",,5_1
"Well, DUH. If they had forced the model with a water vapor change, it would have done the same thing. Or a cloud change. But they had already assumed water vapor and clouds cannot be climate drivers.",,5_1
"Jackson does, however, recall one interesting moment during the first half that has something to do with the latest controversy. He recalls, during a television timeout, there was an especially long delay that prompted him to approach an official.",,0_0
"Yesterday on Saskatoon radio's John Gormley Live , Finance MInister Ralph Goodale responded in a grave, lowered voice when a caller challenged him on the just-announced assistance to the Darfur region of Sudan. She accused him of buying the vote of independant MP David Kilgour, who has been publicly demanding action in the Sudan as his price for supporting the government. Goodale told listeners that there had been a year of planning leading up to the announcement that 100 troops and another $170 million in aide were going to the Sudan. Indeed, this had been a top priority of the Liberal government for months and any suggestion that the package had been hastily arranged to secure David Kilgour's vote was ridiculous - Clearly this plan for Darfour was not devised in the last week or two."" Reuters ;""",,0_0
"In an interview with The Washington Times on Monday, Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) announced he would probe whether the U.N.s Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) cooked the science to make this thing look as if the science was settled, when all the time of course we knew it was not.",,5_2
"October 24, 2012 AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving the government scrambling to find a new air link to the frozen continent.",,0_0
"Below is what I wrote in the comment section below Souweines piece. The response to my dousing of rain on their parade brought predictably lame counter-comments which have added amusement to my weekend. Anyway, on to what I wrote:",,0_0
"Yet even as the U.N. bosses talk of delivering billions from poverty, their main aim, the papers argue should be much, much larger: to limit and redirect the aspirations for a better life of rising middle classes around the world.",,0_0
Farmers protest plan for high-speed rail:,,0_0
A former employee who spent two years at Teri said Dr Pachauri was continually concerned about funding.,,0_0
"Sea level in the region has been completely steady since 1975, Taminos period of modern global warming. Once again, scientists are trying to pretend that they know something scary, when in fact there is not one shred of evidence to support their claims.",,1_6
"While government science and media begin the ramp-up to claim 2014 as the ???hottest year ever?? China??s Sea??s biggest bivalve shows that the Middle Ages were warmer than today, when Carbon Dioxide was lower.",,2_1
"Congress should respect Mississippi's right to develop"" vis- -vis the rest of the country. Mississippi's per capita income is just below $25,000, which is almost $9,000 less than the average American. That's 49th in the nation.""",,0_0
"IPCC produced a graph presumably showing global warming rates on the increase (see Figure 1). The graph uses a well known trick. In any length of a rugose (noisy in appearance) data set, one will encounter short portions steeper (flatter or of opposite sign) than the length as a whole. If the steeper portion happens to be at the end of the data set, it will appear that the rate of change is accelerating when it is just the rugosity of the data. For example, the HadCRUT4 data series ending June, 1913 had 50, 25 and 15 year cooling rates of -0.42, -0.83 and -1.70 C per century respectively. There was no predictive power in observing that cooling rates were strengthening. In fact, the world warmed after that, to about the year 1940, when it began to cool again.",,5_1
"Having read extensively on Podesta and his policies, if I was giving the speech today, I'd have to start with: Be afraid. Be very afraid.""",,0_0
"The film, which is being shown in theaters nationwide on May 2, starts out with clips of many such claims made by the news media and, of course, former Vice President Al Gore.",,0_0
"The term carbon pollution is a pejorative term that displays ignorance by those who use it. In reality, the public debate is about the magnitude of the warming effect exercised by human carbon dioxide emissions. Carbon dioxide from whatever source is an environmental benefice that sustains most of the ecosystems on planet Earth.",,3_3
"record than his recent predecessors on getting sub-Cabinet officials in office,",,0_0
"The ice core data show, the authors write, that when solar radiation increases, more calcium is deposited at Siple Dome and at one of the ITASE field sites. The additional calcium may reflect an increase in wind strength in mid-latitude regions around Antarctica, they add, especially over the Indian and Pacific Oceans. Calcium in West Antarctic ice cores is thought to derive mainly from dust in Australia, Africa and South America and from sea salt in the southern ocean.",,0_0
"Some of the damage done by last year's budget deal has been rectified. Congress has recalled $25 million from the nearly $200 million that was allocated last year. If it truly wants to prevent taxpayers from being forced to subsidize the agenda of international Green pressure groups, it will stop funding the GEF altogether.",,0_0
"These actions reflect President Obama's campaign promises to bankrupt any company that tries to build a new coal-fired power plant,"" replace hydrocarbons with heavily subsidized solar, wind and biofuel energy, make energy prices ""necessarily skyrocket,"" advance rent-seeking crony-corporatism and ""fundamentally transform"" America's constitutional, legal, energy, economic and social structure.""",,0_0
"But if the temperature trend"" might be toward cooling, that at least means that there was no statistically significant global warming during the years from 2002-2010, does it not? And the planet may well be coolingNOAA's U.S. data certainly points that way. Jones argues the timeline isn't long enough to establish a cooling trend, but 12 years of no warming certainly looks like a trend. It's also 12 years, or more, during which the public has been relentlesslyand, it appears, falselybombarded with the message that the planet is suffering from out-of-control warming.""",,1_4
The oceans are outgassing CO2 due to the slight warming trend since the end of the Mini Ice Age (c. 1850's). The exact cause of this trend IS NOT known and remains the subject of much scientific debate! There is evidence that there is a gap of many centuries between planet-wide temperature swings and atmospheric CO2 concentrations.,,2_3
<1939> Thorne/MetO:,,0_0
"We came to our blunt conclusions from perches inside the belly of the beast, observing, analyzing, and interacting with the top political figures in Congress and the executive branch since 1969. Other scholars and journalists, including Jonathan Chait, James Fallows, Jacob Hacker, and Paul Pierson had paved the way with observations and analyses similar to ours.",,0_0
It is perhaps not is absolutely crystal clear how these statements should be interpreted. However LGG to FOLLOWING from Euro Active:,,0_0
"You can read the rest here . Basically this looks like a lame attempt to make king tides look like they are enhanced significantly by sea level, and make sea level an elevated issue so they can argue with North Carolina to re-enact the sea level laws they gutted this in 2012 .",,1_6
German weather site www.wetter.net here reports that 2013 in Germany was the second coldest year in a decade.,,1_3
"But this explanation goes only so far. The anger, disappointment, and disgust that the voters will shower on the Obama administration and the Democratic congressional leadership is unusually deep. The electorate is reacting at a much more visceral level.",,0_0
"Obviously there has been a lot of concern from climate change sceptics who brought this matter to the public eye. If you look at the wording of the emails, the fact is that Prof Jones talked of a trick to hide the decline.",,5_2
"Run on the issues of tomorrow, they say, not the issues of yesterday. Kamarck and Galston note that many Republicans offer policies modeled on Ronald Reagan's. But the country faces different problems today.",,0_0
New EPA rules to devastate coal industry:,,0_0
"Like Fred, I've stuck mostly to the data. Here's the data Fred relies upon, with the trends over the whole interval from 1979 to the latest available:",,0_0
"It will be seen that there were far more large volcanic eruptions towards the end of the nineteenth century, and at the beginning of the twentieth century than at any time since. It appears, from the study of early temperature records that this period was unusually cool; and it seems probable that the high level of volcanic activity contributed to. this coolness. It would seem inappropriate to select this exceptionally cool period as a datum line by which to evaluate the possible existence of global warming by the greenhouse effect. Recently the behaviour of the atmosphere following the eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991 has been adduced as evidence for the lack of global warming, but it seems to have been forgotten that the beginning region of the global temperature records used to evaluate supposed global warming included eruptions such as those of Krakatoa (1883) and several others.",,2_1
"The petition is short, simple, science-fiction-scale ambitious, and looks like it was written by a child from a kindergarten:",,0_0
"Ive told this story before but it requires repeating because of awareness of climate science corruption. Even skeptics realize claims of incompetence are inadequate. Official Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) climate science was completely orchestrated for a premeditated result. T.R.Wigleys 1983 paper The pre-industrial carbon dioxide level was pivotal in the evolution of climate science corruption. It was a flawed paper that cherry-picked data to claim pre-industrial CO2 level was 270 ppm. G.S. Callendar did the same thing (diagram), as Zbigniew Jaworowski illustrated in a paper to a 2004 US Senate Committee.",,5_2
Alan Caruba has good advice for humanity get over ourselves :,,0_0
"CEI Expert Available to Comment: Editorial Director Ivan Osorio on the problems with the proposed card check"" rules:""",,0_0
"Meteorologists are calling for an early and cold winter in Western Canada, probably one of the top three coldest in the last 20 years for the West Coast.",,1_3
"It is a well-documented fact that more carbon dioxide in the atmosphere increases the efficiency of plant growth. As we burn fossil fuels and increase the trace levels of atmospheric CO2, our agriculture flourishes and produces more food with less water. (See The Many Benefits of Atmospheric CO2 Enrichment, Drs. Craig and Sherwood Idso, 2011, Vales Lake Publishing, LLC. )",,3_3
"The IPCC and CCSP assessments, as well as the science statements completed by the AGU, AMS and NRC, are completed by a small subset of climate scientists who are often the same individuals. This oligarchy has prevented science of the climate system to be properly communicated to policymakers (e.g., see, see and see).",,5_2
The Obama administration allows widespread eagle kills.,,0_0
he is presented as a co-author of the Berkeley Earth temperature record (BEST). He criticizes the climate skeptics who want to interpret every adjustment as something criminal.,,0_0
An Obama Administration executive order / regulation (hard to tell the difference any more),,0_0
"And for more priceless clicking fun, youll have to leave here, and transport yourself to The Daily Bayonet for Part 2 through 5 . Dont miss Part 5, theres a beautiful global hottie waiting for you.",,0_0
"All of the above findings are of a positive nature. Crop growth was enhanced by the experimental doubling of the air's CO 2 content. There was no increase in the evolution of the greenhouse gas N 2 O from the soil. And the three Finnish researchers concluded that the high increase in the below-ground biomass indicates enhanced photosynthate accumulation in the soil as a response to the increased CO 2 concentration."" Reviewed 24 October 2007""",,3_3
"Sorry, but Keystone is not a silver bullet for our sluggish economy. It should be supported, yes, because its benefits at least in its revised configuration appear to outweigh its possible costs. But a few thousand construction jobs, as desirable as they might be, do not a recovery make.",,0_0
"Early Global Warming coincided with a slight increase in CO2 emissions, while Global Cooling was paralleled by a dramatic increase in CO2 emissions from 4.0 Gt/yr in 1942 to 20.0 Gt/yr in 1975.",,2_3
THE ATLANTIC MULTIDECADAL OSCILLATION IS NOT A FORCED COMPONENT OF THE CLIMATE MODELS,,5_1
"on Thursday, April 15th, 2010 at 8:41 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"In the past years the fight was financed by US auto manufacturer Chrysler, and oil companies ExxonMobil and Chevron, and others. The story of the PR manager is a story of a planned confusion. It is a didactic play on the art of lying. Doubt is now spreading across the world from America.",,0_0
"From the time he came to Congress in 1979, Gingrich deployed a strategy to break the Democrats' stranglehold on power in the House by moving to polarize the parties, to use the ethics process to taint both the majority and the entire political process, and to get Americans so disgusted with politics and politicians that at the right moment, they would rise up and throw out the incumbent party.",,0_0
"pressuring Iran, Mann explains, Obama owed thanks to a Republican lawyer who in",,0_0
"Biomass burning was calculated to cause 20 year global warming of ~0.4 K because CAE I (~32% of BB warming), CAE II, semidirect effects, AHFs (~7% of BB warming), AMFs, and tar balls from biomass burning together outweighed indirect effects, contrary to previous biomass burning studies that did not treat CAEs, AHFs, AMFs, or brown carbon. AHFs from all sources and AMF + AHF from power plants and electricity use each accounted for statistically significant +0.03 K global surface air temperature warming.",,0_0
"Everybody: please PLEASE, whatever your concern is, DO NOT ever make it descend into a farce, following the sad path of AGW.",,0_0
"As a result, the North Atlantic experiences alternating decades long (20 to 30 year periods or even longer) of above normal or below normal hurricane seasons. NOAA research shows that the tropical multi-decadal signal is causing the increased Atlantic hurricane activity since 1995, and is not related to greenhouse warming.",,1_7
"Of course, I am by no means the only person to have been mistreated in this way by the UN. Professor Paul Reiter, for instance, who on any view is the foremost expert in the world on the transmission of malaria and yellow fever, was nominated to the US delegation of scientists negotiating the text of the 2007 climate assessment report. Suspecting that the UN's bureaucrats would play the same games with him as they have played with so many others whose scientific knowledge shows the climate scare to be just that, he was careful to send four copies of his nomination papers to separate senior UN bureaucrats, by recorded delivery.",,0_0
The President?s Climate Action Plan and the Electricity Industry,,0_0
"For example, northern Arizona where I live has a dry season and a wet season. In June when the humidity is very low the temperature is very high. In July when the Monsoons come the humidity goes up sharply. Not only does this result in a marked drop in daily mean temperatures, it also causes the countryside to turn greena welcome climate change indeed!",,3_2
"Why would we blindly assume or agree to the torrent of lies that humans dominate the climate? The answer is that on Earth Day, Wednesday, April 22, we will be deluged with the propaganda of countless organizations worldwide that we are, in fact, endangering a fragile"" planet Earth. We hear and read that every other day of the year as well.""",,0_0
"This finding comes less than a week after another astonishing revelation published in the prestigious journal Nature, which reports that Antarctica's harsh desert valleys long considered a bellwether for global climate change have grown noticeably cooler since 1986. Indeed, air temperature readings taken continuously over the region indicate a significant cooling of over 1 degree Fahrenheit and this defies a worldwide land-based warming trend spanning the past 100 years.",,1_1
"Then we learned that in the much touted Antarctic ice core record temperature increased before CO 2 , contradicting the main assumption of the Warmists hypothesis.",,2_3
"In particular, we have the problem of the urban heat islands. While it is obvious that the urban heat islands do add a temperature change comparable to 1 C which may depend on time (we know this effect from the Prague-Klementinum station that has been recording the data for more than 200 years; and this downtown Prague weather station is the warmest one in all of Czechia today), I have never believed that this issue was treated very badly or neglected by the folks who evaluated the surface temperature record. For this reason, while I found Anthony Watts et al. project mapping the weather station near asphalt to be amusing, I've never believed that this was really deciding about the big questions"" of the climate debate. My near-certainty that the bulk of the 20th century global warming shown by the surface weather record is not due to the asphalt was growing over the years.""",,0_0
"This isn't proof that the world is entering a global cooling cycle. But the absence of sunspots is the most prolonged in a century, and scientists say the reduced solar activity is reminiscent of the Maunder Minimum, between 1645 and 1715, when the Northern Hemisphere suffered through the coldest weather, worst storms and shortest growing seasons of the Little Ice Age.",,1_2
"Part of the answer to this question undoubtedly resides in the nature of the photosynthetic responses of the grassland plants to atmospheric CO 2 enrichment. It is interesting to note, for example, that the CO 2 -induced stimulation of the maximum photosynthetic rates of the plants did not taper off, as might have been expected, as the air's CO 2 content rose, even at the highest CO 2 concentration investigated . Rather, the photosynthetic response was linear , just like that of the change in soil organic carbon content. What is even more interesting - even fascinating - in this regard, is that the linear responses were maintained in the face of what Gill et al . say was a threefold decrease in nitrogen availability"" as the air's CO 2 content went from its lowest to highest level.""",,3_3
"Obama has spent on an unprecedented scale, such as for a stimulus package that has actually shrunk the economy and destroyed thousands of jobs, and an auto bailout that forces cash-strapped taxpayers to bail out high-paid union auto workers, whose pay remains much higher than that of the typical taxpayer, while saddling the car companies with politically-correct mandates that may kill their chance of survival.",,0_0
"So are todays temperatures unprecedented? Monckton talks about the Medieval Warm Period. The UN IPCC report of 1990 showed a clear Medieval Warm Period (MWP) and a Little Ice Age (LIA), but the IPCC 2001 report showed the Hockey Stick graph 6 times in colour with no MWP. So how was this achieved? Data showing a hockey stick shape from Sheep Mountain in California was given 390 times the weighting of the data Mayberry Slough in Arizona, which had a MWP.",,5_1
"Yes, I also think that Giuliani was the #1 person who showed his qualities as a leader after 9/11. As a leader, history turned him into a hero. He may have lost the primaries because of his highly imperfect image as a family man (be sure that the Czech voters have much more tolerance in all these matters!) or due to something else, who knows. John McCain was a lousy candidate and he is still a lousy politician but he was what the GOP finally offered.",,0_0
"So what??s the upshot? Their reconstruction ???shows a succession of warm and cold episodes including peak warmth during Roman and Medieval times alternating with severe cool conditions centred in the fourth and fourteenth centuries.?? The warmest 30-year period was A.D. 21-50, which was1.05C warmer than the mean temperaturefor 1951-1980 and~0.5C warmer than the region??s maximum 20th century warmth, whichoccured during 1921-1950.",,2_1
"Update: Libertarians are making the case that the Constitution never gave Congress the power to restrict immigration . I could not agree more. However, I fear that will have zero impact on the precedent that will be inferred from all this. Because what matters is how the political community as a whole interprets a precedent, and I think that this will be interpreted as the president may issue mass waivers from any law he does not like."" Now, since I dislike a hell of a lot of the laws on the books, perhaps over time I will like this precedent. But the way things work is that expansive new executive powers seldom work in favor of liberty in the long run, so I am skeptical.""",,0_0
"And if you enjoyed this post or learned something from it, I would very thankful for a contribution to my tip jar .",,0_0
"Today, our own Margaret Wente and Rex Murphy sing in tune with the likes of Glenn Beck, sincerely believing their skepticism to be a form of intellectual virtue. It is not.",,0_0
"The EIA estimates that a program similar to the types of plans bipartisan members of Congress are considering to reduce the growth in emissions would force the price of power up 4 to 6 percent over what it otherwise would be by 2010, and by 11 to 13 percent by 2030. But those estimates hinge on another key assumption the EIA makes: that the nation's power producers will boost nuclear generation by 50 percent over today's levels by 2030-five times the growth expected without a cap.",,0_0
The man who tried to assassinate President Ronald Reagan 30 years ago is being granted additional time away from the Washington psychiatric hospital where he lives.,,0_0
G stinl gg av Lennart Bengtsson,,0_0
Canadian enviro groups snub good-news climate study,,0_0
"on Saturday, September 25th, 2010 at 9:14 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Many of the frightening scenarios about global warming come from large computer calculations, general circulation models, that try to mimic the behavior of the earths climate as more CO2 is added to the atmosphere. It is true that climate models use increasingly capable and increasingly expensive computers. But their predictions have not been very good. For example, none of them predicted the lack of warming that we have experienced during the past ten years. All the models assume the water feedback is positive, while satellite observations suggest that the feedback is zero or negative.",,5_1
EPA statistics regarding the six principal sources of air pollution in 199811 show:,,0_0
"Good morning, my name is Marlo Lewis. As Vice President for Policy and Coalitions of the Competitive Enterprise Institute, I welcome your invitation to discuss climate change policy. CEI is a public interest group established in 1984 with a current staff of 35 and an annual budget of about $2.5 million. Located in Washington, D.C., CEI works to educate and inform policy makers, journalists, and other opinion leaders on market-based alternatives to government programs and regulations. CEI also engages in public interest litigation to protect property rights and economic liberty. CEI is supported by the voluntary contributions of foundations, corporations and individuals. We accept no grants from any government agency, nor do we accept grants from any other party that would compromise the principled positions we espouse.",,0_0
The slope is flat since November 1996 or 16 years and 11 months. (goes to September) RSS is 203/204 or 99.5% of the way to Ben Santers 17 years.,,1_4
"But there is a darker reality. Many of the preferred"" candidatesincluding Ernst as well as James Lankford in Oklahoma and Jack Kingston in Georgiaare anything but pragmatic.""",,0_0
"Mauskar said, In 2000-01, India was spending 0.63% of its GDP on climate change adaptation and mitigation which has now risen to 2.17%. So we can say that Nicholas Stern's argument (that climate change action does not hurt economy much) is perhaps not true.""",,0_0
New Hampshire Town passes 3 mile Property Value Guarantee,,0_0
"The weather bureau is also indicating a warmer winter for much of the country, but says its not yet related to the possible El Nio.",,0_0
"One can think of A1F1 being close to a do nothing"" scenario on CO2, what is often called a Richer but Warmer scenario. The B1 scenario represents fairly large interventions in Co2 use and investments in energy technologies, with lower CO2 concentrations and as a result lower but still positive GDP growth (it takes only a small change in GDP growth to result in large changes in GDP 80 years hence -- the miracle of compounding). This is the cooler but poorer scenario. I know the Left has a fantasy that climate legislation is somehow an economic engine, but most economists on this reality plane achnowlege a tradeoff between CO2 intervention and economic growth.""",,4_1
"Now, there is no shortage of true believers in global warming even in the face of this awe-inspiring scandal. They do have a point: just because there is no evidence of global warming doesn't necessarily mean that it isn't happening.",,0_0
"La Framboise, D. 2011. The Delinquent Teenager who was mistaken for a World Top Climate Expert . Ivy Avenue Press. pp. 235",,0_0
"And as Steven Mosher recommended to me, use RStudio as your portal into R, much the best Ive found.",,0_0
Yeo Gets The Heave-Ho: Will Spend More Time With Green Directorships,,0_0
"It involved the crews of Mercury and Apollo and the space shuttle's 135 missions and the engineers of a thousand companies who made those things fly and gave us personal computers, cellphones and GPS along the way.",,0_0
"Worldwide, overwhelming amounts of data and observations now virtually prove that powerful geological forces associated with active Deep Ocean and Continental Rift Systems have a strong effect on climate trends, including glacial ice melting. Still this notion is rarely considered, much less mentioned by the press, NASA, NOAA, environmental groups, or politicians.",,0_0
"And then there is the temperature hiatus."" Despite increasing atmospheric greenhouse gas concentrations, there has been virtually no temperature increase since roughly 2002, despite the predictions of the climate models. No one knows why; the science is not settled, nor can it ever be, by definition.""",,1_4
"What's more interesting is that periods in the Arctic when sea ice was exceptionally thick, polar bears and other Arctic animals had the hardest time surviving.",,0_0
"From CEI: Director of Global Warming Policy Myron Ebell and President Fred L. Smith, Jr. sign on to an open letter to the Members of the Senate opposing the global warming amendments.",,0_0
The situation is little better in the rest of the world. There are no records for the entire Arctic Basin. The problem was exacerbated when they reduced the number of stations assuming satellites would provide a replacement. The problem is you cannot determine if precipitation occurred or if it was rain or snow.,,5_1
"There are people who believe in horoscopes, people who believe spaceships come here; that is not problematic. But it becomes problematic if it becomes a power structure that destroys our society because that is really what's going on. If you cannot use science anymore because of these crazy beliefs, then there is a problem; I would even say there is a war going on that is much more serious than we were thinking before.",,0_0
"4. For the German Government, do the arguments made by Fred Singer and other arguments presented have merit and are they ???enlightening??? How do you assess the statements by Mr Singer that ???Politicians that are embedded in climate change are more dangerous than climate change itself???",,5_2
"That is all the more true this year. Every day since Sept. 11, we have been subjected to scare stories and tales of imminent terror. But since that fateful day, very few have died. Three unfortunate people have died in the anthrax scare that has gripped the nation. Far more have died in car accidents -- some of which may have happened after people took the decision to drive rather than fly.",,0_0
"The social engineer views the members of society as mere pawns on a great chess board of society, to be moved about with little thought or consideration that each of those pawns is a living, thinking, valuing and planning individual, who would much prefer to make his own decisions concerning how he will live and act.",,0_0
"Finally, we looked at a recent article from the scientific journal entitled Coral Reefs written by ten scientists from French Polynesia, France, Florida, and California. Apparently, doing work on the reefs of Moorea (an island in French Polynesia) attracts a crowd? Adjeroud et al. studied the Tiahura Outer Reef Sector (TORS) in Moorea from 1991-2006 (sign us up for this duty) and they noted that Coral assemblages in Moorea, French Polynesia, have been impacted by multiple disturbances (one cyclone and four bleaching events between 1991 and 2006). Their conclusions include the statement In addition, our results reveal that corals can recover rapidly following a dramatic decline. Such decadal-scale recovery of coral cover has been documented at some locations, but our results are novel in demonstrating rapid recovery against a backdrop of ongoing, high frequency, and large-scale disturbances.",,3_2
"36 James L. Johnston, Emissions Trading for Global Warming,"" Regulation, Vol. 21, No. 4 (1998), pp. 19-23).""",,0_0
"Gore's friends in Congress, namely Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-NV, then tried to bail out Gore's lack of planning with a thoroughly impractical alternative: putting the concert on the Capitol building's West Lawn. With rare exceptions, the only large public gatherings there are the National Symphony Orchestra concerts on the 4th of July and Memorial Day. Much attention was paid to Sen. Jim Inhofe, R-OK, who regularly challenges Gore's views on humans role in global warming and the effects of climate change, calling the concert a partisan political event"" that shouldn't be held on Capitol grounds. Gore shot back, with his oft-repeated claim that climate change is a ""moral issue.""",,0_0
"IPCC Second Report (1995), Summary for Policy Makers, p.23. Sea levels will rise by 95cm by the year 2100 (105 years-times). This is 9.0mm per year. Error to date is 532%",,0_0
"Whatever may or may not be happening with the Atlantic Meridional Overturning Current (AMOC), one thing that you can take to the bank (or insane asylum, as appropriate): contaminated Finnish lake sediments, strip bark bristlecone pines and the hundreds of nondescript Mann 2008-9 tree ring series do not contain any useful information on the past history of the AMOC.",,5_1
"Will that make any difference legislatively? Probably not.In the House, Republicans opposed to cap-and-trade, EPA regulation of greenhouse gases (GHGs), and carbon taxes are still in charge.",,0_0
"Instead of real energy for real jobs and revenues, President Obama wants to redouble spending on green energy extracting billions of dollars from still productive sectors of our economy, and transferring the money to crony corporatists and campaign contributors, whose operations are exempted from endangered species and other laws that are imposed routinely and punitively on oil, mining and other companies.",,4_1
"With winds like that, expect to see complete devastation as it makes landfall. That of course will be hyped into an AGW caused storm, just like Katrina. Al Gore and Bill McKibben are already testing lies language on Twitter. Bear in mind that we have a very short historical record of Typhoon strength, and any claims that this is the strongest storm ever need to be qualified with that fact. Nobody has any credible record of typhoon strength back more than a few decades.",,1_7
"With an earlier start date, says the study, ""the economy experiences a loss in gross domestic product beginning in 2000 as higher prices increase the prices of goods and services throughout the economy; however, the early start date smooths the transition of the economy to a longer run target."" The study finds that the ""projected cumulative impacts"" on actual GDP between the years 2000 and 2020 is over $2.6 trillion if reductions begin in 2005 and just under $2.5 trillion under an early start scenario.""",,0_0
"In a study of cyclic behaviour of the Sun, Russian scientists now predict 100 years of cooling.",,1_2
No less serious is the failure of politicians to tell us the truth about the promises that they have made that cannot be honored. Careful studies put the cost of government promises for pensions and future healthcare benefits at more than $100 trillion. There is no way that anything close to that amount will be available.,,0_0
Does anyone else find it disturbing to see legislators and environmentalists working hand-in-hand like this?,,0_0
"What I can say from the standpoint of applying the scientific method to a robust response-feature of models, is that the average model result is inconsistent with the observed rate of change of tropical tropospheric temperature - inconsistent both in absolute magnitude and in vertical structure (Douglass and Christy 2013.) This indicates our ignorance of the climate system is still enormous and, as suggested by Stevens and Bony, this performance by the models indicates we need to go back to the basics. From this statement there is only a short distance to the next - the use of climate models in policy decisions is, in my view, not to be recommended at this time.",,5_1
"And I wanted the kids to experience bird flu panic first-hand. We don't worry much about bird flu in New HampshireIve got a bird dog, I've got a gunbut down here in Washington the kids can watch all the media and politicians get frantic about bird flu. Bird flu could mutate into human flu at any minute. If that happens, bird flu will kill What's NPR's estimate?""",,0_0
"The new hottest ever record set in the UK was on August 1o, 2003.",,0_0
"As you can see, that 56 F high is closer to the normal low of 51 F than to the normal high of 68 F. Were looking at 10 15 F below normal, depending on location. And a good 31 F below the record. Record heat we dont have But I notice that were trending toward that record low of 45 F set during the last cold phase of the PDO Our low is set to be all of 4 F above that, and the PDO shift is young",,1_3
"The closest USHCN station to Washington is at Lincoln, Virginia. Since the mid-1990s, the thermometers say that Lincoln has cooled about three degrees (blue below) while USHCN carefully adjusts the temperatures in the opposite direction. Note that the adjusted (red) trend is up by two degrees since the mid-1990s.",,5_1
"AR5 gives a likely (1783% probability) range for TCR of 1.02.5C, pretty much in line with the 595% CMIP5 model TCR range (from fitting a Normal distribution) but with a downgraded certainty level. How does that compare with the observational evidence in AR5? Figure 10.20a thereof, reproduced as Figure 2 here, shows various observationally based TCR estimates.",,0_0
How exactly wouldcap-and-traders pull it off?Samuelsohn summarizes thestrategy as explained byan unnamed spokesman for a major advocacy group:,,0_0
"This year, the recent 12 Month period temperature is -12,6 F cooler than for example 1931 . And if we compare with 1990 it is ??? 13,8 F cooler .",,1_3
"In other words, researchers have yet to find evidence of more-extreme weather patterns over the period, contrary to what the models predict.",,1_7
"I?m also very happy that Nigel Lawson ? as one of the very few ? criticizes the new indulgences, otherwise known as emissions permits. Most people like the fact that trading emissions permits sounds market-friendly and that it?s not just an administrative restriction or command, but they?re mistaken. Nigel Lawson correctly says this ?trading? has nothing to do with the market. ?It is essentially a government-controlled administrative rationing system, in which the rations can subsequently be traded? (p. 74). Communism again. Indeed it is a market for the owners of rations and for the various middlemen; for them it presents ?a lucrative and ? hopefully ? growing business opportunity.? It?s, of course, a certain form of taxation, but because governments don?t like to raise taxes, they disguise the introduction of these new taxes by replacing them with this, seemingly market-like, method.",,0_0
The Yale/George Mason University polls commit all these mistakes.,,0_0
"Recognizing its early mistakes, the English-speaking world is abandoning its infatuation with climate change theory",,0_0
Proxy sample temperature differences (mostly land surface)= approx. zero,,0_0
"If I were Chicken Little what I'd try to do was build my support base in places that are most prone to natural disasters, especially places where the populace is completely incapable of taking care of itself. The location of Hollywood on a major earthquake fault is this kind of planning at its best. Another possibility would be to move Howard Dean, Al Sharpton, Al Franken, Michael Moore, and Hillary Clinton into house trailers in Kansas during tornado season.",,0_0
"OK, so is CO2 the limiting nutrient? Id assert that it often was. Yes, for some lands and crops adding Nitrogen or Phosphorus increases growth (so they are the limiting nutrients). And farmers have gone out of their way to assure that their lands are not rate limited on those common fertilizer components. But Greenhouse operators regularly add CO2 to the space to increase production. That strongly implies that CO2 is a rate limiting nutrient in many / most cases of farm lands as well. The CO2 bump in growth tends to work up to about 1000 to 2000 ppm of CO2.",,3_3
"Geoengineering includes reforestation, biomass burial, ocean fertilization to stimulate the growth of plankton, and carbon sequestration. A low-cost, high-return form of geoengineering is solar radiation management, which diminishes the warmth caused by the sun's rays.",,0_0
CCD Editor's Note: It's shameful how Gore utilizes hate speech and misinformation to further his own agenda. Note all the inconsistencies in his speech. From Tech Times :,,5_2
One recent survey suggested that 53 per cent of executives had not even heard of the CRC and did not know whether their firm was affected.,,0_0
"Our interest is, or should be, a free, democratic and prosperous society. That is the reason why we have to stand up against all attempts to undermine it. We should be prepared to adapt to all kinds of future climate changes (including cooling) but we should never accept losing our freedom.",,0_0
"ACESA will consume more resources to achieve its projected GHG reductions than would be required through its cap-and-trade system alone. Several of the bill's provisions apply to activities that are also directly or indirectly subject to the proposed GHG cap. At a minimum, these include the renewable electricity standard, the coal-fired power plant performance standard, and the energy efficiency resource standard.",,0_0
giving students more time to make up incomplete assignments while,,0_0
"By Paul and Anne Ehrlich, Project Syndicate, Aug 12, 2015",,0_0
The Elsner paper relies on far too short a period to draw any meaningful conclusions.,,0_0
"In the Yaris test, the institute said the mini car sustained damage to the door and front passenger area. The driver dummy showed signs of head injuries, a deep gash on the right knee and extensive forces to the neck and right leg.",,0_0
"Even when the source is in fact plainly stated on my slides, Abraham is prone to say I have not provided the source. I had shown a graph, which I had said was compiled by satellite, of temperatures at the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro, where there has been no warming for 30 years.",,0_0
"Rachel Marsden, Human Events , 24 July 2011",,0_0
"Next, consider CO2 levels. With huge, green subsidies showing up on our electricity bills, you would be excused for believing that we have managed to cut CO2 substantially. You would be wrong. Global CO2 has risen relentlessly since 1950. In 1997 the Kyoto protocol put legally binding limits on rich-country emissions. But Kyoto and all our fine policies have had no real impact. The only indication of a CO2 reduction was in 2009 when the global recession put us on track to fulfil Kyoto. Had the recession continued, we might have been able to achieve Kyoto.",,4_2
"The three researchers conclude that at the Russian sites studied, the impact of twentieth century warming has not yet compensated fully for the mortality and range constriction caused by the cold temperatures of the Little Ice Age,"" and they note that ""these results are similar to observations in some other northern treeline regions such as uplands in eastern Quebec and interior Labrador where Picea mariana (P. Mill.) B.S.P. and Picea glauca (Moench) Voss trees remain below their pre-Little Ice Age limits despite recent warming (Gamache and Payette,2005; Payette, 2007),"" which warming has likely not yet equaled that of the MWP in either magnitude or duration or possibly even both. References""",,2_1
"Even after these tweaks, the backcasts were still coming out too high. So, to make the forecasts work, they asked themselves, what would global temperatures have to have done without CO2 to make our models work? The answer is that if the world naturally were to have cooled in the latter half of the 20th century, then that cooling could offset over-prediction of temperatures in the models and produce the historic result. So that is what they did. Instead of starting with natural forcings we understand, and then trying to explain the rest (one, but only one, bit of which would be CO2), modelers start with the assumption that CO2 is driving temperatures at high sensitivities, and natural forcings are whatever they need to be to make the backcasts match history.",,5_1
"Matt Melchiorre: A US-EU trade deal, if done correctly, could raise transatlantic trade by $200bn. I hope you can get it done, Mr. President. But as I've explained, there are a few snags: http://www.openmarket.org/2012/12/28/europe-2013-a-primer/",,0_0
The NZ Climate Science Coalition responded with a series of graphs that showed how the temperature record of stations in Wellington looks:,,0_0
"Look for the satellite data to be adjusted to bring it into compliance with the fully fraudulent surface temperatures. The Guardian is now workingtodiscredit UAH, so it seems likely that RSS will soon be making big changes to match the needs of the climate mafia. Bookmark this post.",,5_2
"The roller coaster ride actually looked for a day like it might cross the 2009 line, but soon turned down again, ending this week at 5,142,813. Heres the recent JAXA data",,0_0
"9) Are Humans Responsible for the CO2 Rise? While there are short-term (year-to-year) fluctuations in the atmospheric CO2 concentration due to natural causes, especially El Nino and La Nina, I currently believe that most of the long-term increase is probably due to our use of fossil fuels. But from what I can tell, the supposed ?proof? of humans being the source of increasing CO2 ? a change in the atmospheric concentration of the carbon isotope C13 ? would also be consistent with a natural, biological source. The current atmospheric CO2 level is about 390 parts per million by volume, up from a pre-industrial level estimated to be around 270 ppm?maybe less. CO2 levels can be much higher in cities, and in buildings with people in them.",,0_0
This result indicates why one can not use tree rings for any periods warmer than the calibration perioda situation which is difficult to know a priori . The same issue could affect certain other types of temperature proxies (besides tree rings) as well.,,5_1
"Teira et al .'s final words on the implications of their findings are that the responses of both marine bacterial families would tend to increase the pH of seawater, acting as a negative feedback between elevated atmospheric CO 2 concentrations and ocean acidification."" And, of course, they also reveal the identities of two more sets of marine organisms that are in no way threatened by the seawater pH changes induced by the historical and still-ongoing rise in the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration.""",,3_2
GCM Predictions of North India Winter Precipitation for Its Crops,,0_0
None of the models used by IPCC are initialized to the observed state and none of the climate states in the models correspond even remotely to the current observed climate.,,5_1
"If CO2 in the atmosphere tends to provide a heating effect, do feedback effects (e.g. water vapor) tend to amplify (positive feedback) or damp (negative feedback) the resulting temperature change",,0_0
"The three Israeli researchers write that to the best of our knowledge, this is the first study of the reproductive responses of CAM plants to CO 2 enrichment,"" and they state that their experiments demonstrate ""the vast potential of possible increases in the yields of CAM crops under CO 2 enrichment."" Reference""",,3_3
"First, he established his credibility with national greatness"" Americans by restating his past commitment to using military force where core interests demand it, unilaterally if necessary. The speech did little to expound upon what the President would have us believe are core interests, and I get the feeling he prefers it that way: fungible, temporal, situation dependent. In essence, a core interest worth fighting for creates a ""red line,"" and while he has drawn such lines, he did not, in the event, follow up on their enforcement. Fool him once""",,0_0
"A new US Senate report on the EPA: Fraud, Deceit and Secret Science",,0_0
"(Revised Feb. 10, 2010. My conclusion was rushed, because I wanted to leave the office before the snowstorm suspended bus service from D.C.-area metro stops. Revisions below are in italics.)",,0_0
Solar particles interact with Earth's magnetosphere. (Source: NASA),,0_0
The full text of this book is available in Adobe Acrobat PDF format.,,0_0
"With their agricultural lands inundated for months, many households in the area also use a floating bed of compacted water hyacinths to grow vegetables, locally known as baira. These floating gardens fall and rise with the water level and can allow households to grow vegetables for consumption when the flood waters are high. Researchers from BCAS have devised ways to improve the design of such bairas to make them lighter and stay afloat for longer periods of time.",,0_0
"The bottom line is that we still need coal, and all those who dream of doing away with it will not be able to escape the reality that coal will continue to provide much of our electricity for the foreseeable future. So we need to be implementing policies that improve air quality without destroying coal and millions of good American jobs, and imposing skyrocketing electricity costs on every American.",,4_5
"MXD has a non-temperature signal in it, and also all pre-1881 or pre-1871 data",,0_0
My point is that there are many sudden rainfall change events in Australian climate history and from larger regions than SW WA and little attention is put into explaining these.,,0_0
"THE ROLE OF ideas and ideals in bringing about the Russian revolution comes into even sharper relief when we look at what was happening outside the Kremlin. A leading Soviet journalist and later a passionate herald of glasnost, Aleksandr Bovin, wrote in 1988 that the ideals of perestroika had ripened"" amid people's increasing ""irritation"" at corruption, brazen thievery, lies, and the obstacles in the way of honest work. Anticipations of ""substantive changes were in the air,"" another witness recalled, and they forged an appreciable constituency for radical reforms. Indeed, the expectations that greeted the coming to power of Gorbachev were so strong, and growing, that they shaped his actual policy. Suddenly, ideas themselves became a material, structural factor in the unfolding revolution.""",,0_0
"The doom and gloom started right away. Another introductory speech, this one by host-country President Felipe Calderon, painted an approaching dire apocalypse. ?If we don?t act to prevent climate change, the cost will be much higher to reverse its effects,? claimed ?His Excellency? Calderon (the UN really refers to distinguished delegates like that). ?Approximately five to 10 percent of world GDP would have to be dedicated to alleviate the devastating changes.? Even worse: ?The disasters caused by climate change are threatening the survival of human beings,? Calderon opined. He cited a hurricane, a fire, and a drought ? phenomena that have plagued mankind for thousands of years prior to the invention of SUVs ? as evidence of his claims and the need for massive wealth redistribution and a global carbon regime. It?s for ?the children,? of course, he concluded.",,0_0
Minnesota Legislators Invite Heartland Staff to Lead Climate Change Seminar,,0_0
"Now with the tobacco settlement, there was an actual basis for that case. The tobacco industry had concealed things, it knew about the health effects of smoking tobacco for a long time, and it had lied under oath, Mr. Ebell said. ""This is entirely different, but you can see we're going down the same road here.""",,0_0
"The only more prolific snow-producers this deep into March occurred March 28-29, 1942 (11.5 inches), and March 27-28, 1891 (12 inches).",,1_3
"A similar heavy precipitation event happened in the same area in late September of this year, but it was about 15 degrees warmer, which resulted in heavy rainfall but no blizzard, said Dennis Todey, a climatologist at SDSU.",,0_0
"There is general agreement that other air quality programs, in particular the National Ambient Air Quality Standards Program and the Title IV Acid Rain Program, have had far greater impacts on emissions. As EPA says:",,0_0
KENNETH P. GREEN AND STEVEN F. HAYWARD,,0_0
Obama's EPA Finalizes Latest Job-Killing Policies For 26 States Will Cost Taxpayers $1.6 Billion a Year & Thousands of Jobs:,,4_1
"In fact, he has also said some nice words about Barack Obama. Despite Klaus's extremely meagre expectations and despite their diametrically opposite ideologies, Klaus was always immensely pleased and surprised by conversations with Obama.",,0_0
(the following is a version of a letter recently sent by Walter Starck to PNAS; republished with the authors consent),,0_0
"Examples of documented questionable climate record adjusting by the climate agency officials are not hard to find: Melbourne , U.S. western areas , 1997 global versus 2014 , winter 2014 , U.S corn belt , Texas winter temps , Paraguay , Africa , Iceland , GISS land temps , northern hemisphere pre-1940 , Alice Springs (Australia) , Bolivia , U.S. temperature trends , Arctic adjustments , Antarctica , New Zealand , Australia , Germany , and many others .",,5_1
"Contrary to the lies of climate experts, US drought is near historically low levels. The animation below flashes between December 2014 and December 1963",,1_7
"It's not a strong field. Vice President Joe Biden is 72 and has low poll ratings. Elizabeth Warren inspires the Democratic Left, but says she's not running perhaps for fear of exposure of her dubious claim, when seeking prestigious law school jobs, of Cherokee ancestry.",,0_0
"Considering the long years of media-driven drivel about global warming, the hoax should have been over by now, given the exposure in 2009 of thousands of emails between the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC)conspirators and growing body of evidence that everything they asserted was a great steaming pile of horse manure.",,5_2
"This goes to show that temperatures are more closely related to ENO than temperatures are related to CO2, let alone ENO is related to CO2. Hence the Hadley Centres making of some fairly safe bets, but changing them, not as new scientific evidence emerges, but according to what they expect theENO to do in the near future, or is already doing. Claims made by sceptics that the effects",,2_1
"SciAm: CIA trying to keep global warming top-secret How would you re-energize a dying pseudoscientific fad that almost no one wants to consider seriously anymore? (Lubo Motl, The Reference Frame)",,5_1
"This statement is a further example of the narrow and closed viewpoint illustrated in the released CRU e-mails. I agree with Michael that we have detected human climate forcing effects. To label me as a skeptic, however, is completely wrong (as Andy knows; e.g. see and see )",,5_2
"The direct warming effect of doubling the CO2 in the air is generally agreed to be little more than 1 C. However climate models produce exaggerated warming forecasts by assuming that strongly positive or amplifying temperature feedbacks, such as the increased capacity of warmer air to carry water vapour, a greenhouse gas. They assume that these positive feedbacks will turn 1 C of direct warming into 3 C of imagined catastrophe.",,5_1
"Ocean currents have taken the heat down to the deep sea , insists Sebastian Mernild of the Glaciology and Climate Change Laboratory Center for Scientific Studies in Chile.",,0_0
"Senator Brown said coal companies, as major climate change contributors , should pay a 40 per cent resources super profits tax to pay for the clean-up.",,0_0
"Santa Claus is just back from the North Pole, and reports that Nobel Laureate Albert Arnold Gore wasincorrectabout hisice-free Arctic in December 2014 prediction. In fact, Arctic sea ice extent is at a 10 year high for the date.",,1_1
"CEI Weekly is a compilation of articles and blog posts from CEI's fellows and associates sent out via e-mail every Friday. Also included in the weekly newsletter is a brief description of CEI's weekly podcast and a feature on a major CEI breakthrough made during the week. To sign up for CEI Weekly, go to http://cei.org/newsletters.",,0_0
"Clearly, erosion is a problem here, yet the authors of the paper fail to give it any credence. Of course the fossil record will show sea level rise!",,1_6
"Not only has the Antarctic sea ice been increasing in recent years, but scientists have likewise witnessed a similar growth of the continental land ice, particularly in the eastern half of Antarctica.",,1_1
"This images indicates Yellowstone earthquake from the past week. One of the most intense siesmic swarms"" in the national park's history has been shaking the north end of Yellowstone Lake. Since Dec. 26, 900 quakes, 111 measuring magnitude 2.0 to 3.9, have been recorded. Image by the U.S. Geological Survey.""",,0_0
"Haus Carstanjen, Martin-Luther-King-Strasse, 8",,0_0
"4. If empirical evidence indicates that the rate of sea level rise is decreasing, how does the IPCC claim that there definitively is a strong correlation between sea level rise and CO2 concentrations in the atmosphere? Doesnt the science tend to indicate that there is a lack of correlation?",,2_3
"The Day After Tomorrow is being released by Twentieth Century Fox, a division of the News Corporation -- yes, that News Corporation, headed by Rupert Murdoch, the conservative Australian-American media magnate who serves as poster boy for scolds who warn about the dangers of the Federal Communications Commission liberalizing media ownership rules.",,0_0
"...the problem causing these breakdowns is so simple. In cold weather, the pipe that takes waste water from the back of the condensing boiler-which isnt there in a normal boiler-freezes solid, shutting down the system and in many cases causing permanent damage. But this problem is just one of many that have plagued this boiler design since they became popular in the Nineties. Many plumbers consider them to be little more than a multi-billion-pound con-trick.",,0_0
"Tamsin Edwards points us to the talk she wants to give at Google's prestigious SciFoo conference . It's called  Tea with the Enemy "".""",,0_0
"The President then made it worse by raising climate change as his primary issue in a public speech to students in Brisbane and demanding that Australia follow his lead in agreeing to a cap on emissions. By blindsiding Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott who wanted to focus on economic and security matters during Canberra's big moment on the world stage, President Obama insulted and disrespected his host and most loyal ally in the region.",,0_0
"Recently we have all learned of the emails that emerged from the University of East Anglia, a scandal that has come to be known as Climategate. To me, it seems abundantly clear that the proponents of global warming have been cooking the science to produce the results they wanted. They've supressed data, colluded, stifled debate, threatened scientific journals that published opposing viewpoints and placed climate propaganda ahead of climate science. We're talking about such names as James Hansen, Kevin Trenbirth, Ben Santer, Phil Jones, Michael Mann, Tom Karl, Gavin Schmidt, Keith Briffa among others. These are not a small, isolated band of insignificant scientists, as our friends at the BBC, Washington Post, Guardian and other media sources would like to assert. These are literally the founding fathers of global warming.",,5_2
"Watch Now: Flashback: Climate Depot's Morano on Fox News Mocking Climate Astrology': ""This is now akin to the predictions of Nostradamus or the Mayan calendar' Morano: ""There is no way anyone can falsify the global warming theory now because any weather event that happens ""proves' their case Man-made global warming has ceased to be a science, it is now the level of your daily horoscope' Gore did not warn us of extreme blizzards and record cold winters coming'""",,0_0
"The degree of consensus also depends on the way the questions are phrased. For example, we can get 100% consensus if the question is Do you believe in climate change? We can get a near-100% consensus if the question is Do you believe that humans have some effect on the climate? This latter question also would include also local effects, like urbanization, clearing of forests, agriculture, etc.",,0_0
"I was reminded of this in coming across a little sidelight to Mann vs. Steyn, the defamation lawsuit filed by scientist-turned-activist Michael Mann in an attempt to suppress the speech of global warming skeptics, starting with conservative writer Mark Steyn.",,0_0
"Elizabeth (Beth) Whelan, the late founder and president of The American Council on Science and Health (ACSH), was a shining light of sound science, full of passion and courage in the face of fanaticism and scorn, determined to tell the truth against all odds.",,0_0
"It's no small amount of cash either it can add up to between 900 and 1,450 a year. But go with Isis and you won't get it Isis will. And that isn't particularly financially efficient for you.",,0_0
"Also, it's patently false that breathing the ambient air in the United States is like smoking a pack of cigarettes a day, as MoveOn.org implies in the advertisement. According to one peer-reviewed scientific study published by the American Heart Association (Pope et al. ), The estimated daily dose of PM2.5 from typical long-term exposure to SHS (second-hand smoke or ETS) or ambient air pollution is extremely small compared with the estimated dose from active cigarette smoking."" Consequently, ""The estimated relative risks from active cigarette smoking, even at relatively light smoking levels, are substantially larger than the relative risks from ambient air pollution or SHS."" As my Competitive Enterprise Institute colleague Marlo Lewis has stated, ""MoveOn is blowing smokenowhere in the United States is breathing the equivalent of a pack a day or even one cigarette a day.""",,0_0
"People will see their choices limited to the few options presented them. The terms property rights"" and ""individual liberty"" were nowhere to be heard at Habitat III. Instead, participants were told that ""decarbonization"" is imperative if the planet is to be saved. And if that means packing people into compact housing like so many sardines in a tin can, so be it.""",,4_1
"In a very comprehensive study of the western Arctic Kaufman and coauthors from the US, UK, Canada, Norway, Iceland, and Russia (2004), studied proxies from over 140 sites in the western hemisphere part of the arctic. Their abstract notes Paleoclimateinferences based on a wide variety of proxy indicators provide clear evidence for warmer-than-present conditions at 120 of these sites. At the 16 terrestrialsites where quantitative estimates have been obtained, local HTM temperatures (primarily summer estimates) were on average 1.6 0.8 C higher than present",,2_1
"Likewise, regardless of whether temperatures rise in the future, this will not increase air pollution. For particulate matter, higher temperatures are associated with lower pollution levels. For ozone, most ozone-forming pollutants will be eliminated over the next 20 years, making future climate virtually irrelevant for ozone levels. Observations of the recent past should also put to rest any concerns about future air pollution levels in a changing climate. Despite rising urban temperatures over the last few decades, air pollution of all kinds has drastically declined.",,0_0
"10. Obama can't afford to hand a major campaign issue to his Republican opponent. Earlier this month, Obama backed down on a proposed rules that would have dramatically tightened standards on ground-level ozone. He will approve the Keystone pipeline. Doing otherwise will hurt his chances of staying in the White House for another four years. And while he knows that some environmentalists won't be happy, he also knows that few, if any, of them will abandon him for a candidate like Rick Perry.",,0_0
The papers conclusions state that the EF Scale is not adequate for analyzing tornado intensity. I am not sure if the tornado experts at NOAA would agree.,,0_0
"The warming we have had the last 100 years is so small that, if we didnt have meteorologists and climatologists to measure it, we wouldnt have noticed it at all.",,1_4
31 This example was provided by the American Petroleum Institute.,,0_0
"Here we explain that the root cause of the 2000-2015 western Pacific Ocean warming is increased heat flow from deep ocean volcanoes, hydrothermal vents, and heat emitting fault zonesnot man-made atmospheric global warming. Data supporting this contention are diverse, reliable, and abundant. A summary of key points substantiating a geological heat flow origin to warming in the western Pacific Ocean:",,2_1
Based on this analysis we can say that there is a probability of 94% of imminent global cooling and the beginning of the coming ice age.,,1_2
"Also in keeping with past practice, the latest report confuses climate risk with climate change risk. Droughts, storms, floods, and heat waves are all part of the natural climate. Our risk of exposure to such extremes has much more to do with where we happen to live than with any gradual climate changes associated with the 1.3F 1.9F increase in average U.S. temperature since the 1880s.",,0_0
"Bill Gray was also a famous climate realist who passed away in April. He was a professor at Colorado State University who was a world renowned expert in hurricanes. Of course it was not possible to dwell on the physics of hurricanes if it got in the way of CTBS. Naturally the baloney storm called for more destructive and frequent hurricanes caused by CT. Bill would have none of that, which put him on the wrong side of the fashion that CTBS induced.",,0_0
"Atmospheric phenomena are complicated so people's opinions about what matters in the climate inevitably reflect this complexity. If, in some subcommunity, it doesn't, it shows that this subcommunity isn't really scientific: it's a group of fascist *beep* *beep* LFCSes struggling to *beep* *beep* and *beep* *beep* and we should better *beep* *beep* to *beep* *beep* to protect the elementary values of science and the modern civilization in general. So *beep* to all the LFCSes.",,5_2
"It has returned to very near the 1979-2000 year average ( NSIDC ). Had NSIDC used the entire period of record as their base period (1979-2008), we would be at or above the average.",,1_1
"When St-Onge took the platform, she pointed to me and, in a jovial manner, said: Marita, I hope you are wrong."" I called out: ""I hope I am too! And, I hate to be wrong.""",,0_0
"For what its worth, while this study is often cited by cholesterol deniers, they almost never emphasize the absurd conclusions regarding pushing the guidelines even lower. Perhaps this is to protect the lay audience from falling into despairas they probably shouldover the state of what used to be called science.",,0_0
"Investment in newer and cleaners plants has ground to a halt in places such as the United Kingdom where the government has embraced the Kyoto treaty and pledged to cut greenhouse gases by 5.5m tonnes by 2010. It is the opinion of energy experts that blackouts such as the one in London last August that trapped 250,000 commuters are therefore likely to become more frequent. Paul Golby of Powergen stated We want to invest but we have all had our fingers burnt in the past"" and ""over the next few months the government must make some key decisions about how emissions trading will be implemented."" (The Times, May 9)""",,0_0
"The film even quotes one of America's founding fathers as being worried about climate change. In the late 1700s, Thomas Jefferson wrote: A change in our climate is taking place."" Then, in 1817, The President of the UK Royal Society, Joseph Banks, addressed the melting polar ice. It's doubtful that either Jefferson's or Banks' concerns were the result of fossil fuel use.""",,0_0
"In the words of the two researchers, the evidence for a significant increase in Atlantic storm activity over the most recent 125 years is mixed,"" even though they note that the SST of the MDR ""has warmed significantly."" What they are left with, then, is the suggestion that ""aspects of climate have changed"" in such as way as ""to make the North Atlantic more favorable to cyclogenesis, while at the same time making the overall environment less favorable to TC maintenance."" Consequently, as Vecchi and Knutson see it, ""the crucial issue of the response of Atlantic TC behavior to increasing greenhouse gases remains unsettled."" Reviewed 22 October 2008""",,0_0
"However the results of the investigation conducted at the end of 2008 reveal that vast majority of the Earth scientists surveyed agree that in the past 200-plus years, mean global temperatures have been rising and that human activity is a significant contributing factor in changing mean global temperatures.",,0_0
"During the past few hours (Saturday AM), a warm front has passed through our area (sorry skiers), bringin warm air and a shift to westerly flow. To illustrate this, here is the forecast heights, winds, and temperatures (shaded) at 850 hPa (about 5000 ft) for 4 PM Saturday (today). The wind are parallel to the height lines and the closer the lines are together, the stronger the winds. What you see is very strong westerly flow surging into our area, with red colors indicate very warm air. You can get strong Puget Sound rain shadow with such a pattern, as well as heavy rain on the western sides of the coastal mountains and the Cascades.",,0_0
"The oceans cover about 70% of the surface of the Earth. The surface air temperatures of the smaller land portion imitate and amplify the warming or cooling of the oceans. The hypothesis of greenhouse gas-dominated manmade global warming has one fundamental requirement. Greenhouse gases MUST warm the surface and subsurface temperatures of the global oceans. If they dontthat is, if the recent warming of the oceans can be shown to be naturalthen carbon dioxide and other manmade greenhouse gases lose their importance. Those anthropogenic greenhouse gases then become second or third tier causes of the warming of land surface air temperatures. Instead of being important, manmade greenhouse gases then become impotent.",,0_0
Jack Kemp is co-director of Empower America and Distinguished Fellow of the Competitive Enterprise Institute.,,0_0
"Think about this. The precious LDL/HDL cholesterol theory has been tested in a gigantic study, with the ideal endpoint, and has been proven wrong in more than half of the cases! A rational individual would question the validity of the hypothesis, dont you think? Heck according to most authorities, its well beyond a mere hypothesis.",,0_0
German Analysis: 97 Percent Consensus Does Not Exist Demands To End Debate Are Way Off Sides,,5_1
"The notion that the Sun is dimmer when there are few sunspots goes right back to William Herschel at the beginning of the 19th Century. The trouble is that the variations in solar brightness, as measured by satellites, are too small to explain the strong influence of the Sun on climate as recorded over thousands of years, and continuing into the 21st Century. Thats where Svensmarks discovery of 16 years ago comes in, with the amplifier. Cosmic rays coming from the Galaxy are more intense when there are fewer sunspots and they increase the global cloud cover, so cooling the world.",,2_1
"And the ANE magazine brings some examples of planned reorganization at the VW Group whose very goal seems to be to make kodas less successful. If that were true, it would be really insane from any commercial viewpoint.",,0_0
"Canada's Emission Reduction Program Has Failed Miserably, Total Loss Of Govt Funds; CO2 Up 35% Since Kyoto",,0_0
"Moreover, most of Britain's older coal-fired and nuclear power plants are scheduled to be shut down, with almost nothing to replace them, even as electricity demand rises. That could bring widespread blackouts, said the Daily Mail, and cause hundreds of thousands of UK jobs to be outsourced to countries where energy costs are much lower, and air pollution and carbon dioxide emission standards far less stringent. That will hardly improve England's economy or global environmental quality.",,4_1
"Despite the cold winter this year, the trend to milder and wetter winters is expected to continue, with snow and frost becoming less of a feature in the future. The famously cold winter of 1962/63 is now expected to occur about once every 1,000 years or more, compared with approximately every 100 to 200 years before 1850. Peter Stott, Climate Scientist at the Met Office, 25 February 2009",,0_0
"Scientists at the station have also collected rainfall data during the same period and also began collecting data on sunshine and cloud cover in 1915. These records show that both sunshine and rainfall have increased slightly during the last 84 years. Balling concludes that as a result of these changes together with increases in atmospheric CO2 concentrations that crops there now perform better than their ancestors in the days of Lawes and Gilbert (founders of the station)"" (World Climate Report, July 5, 1999).""",,0_0
"This is not true. There are over 6 million Americans alive today who experienced summers as long and hot, with great periods of extreme heat in the mid-1930s, when the Palmer Drought Index was the same as current periods, and tens of millions more who saw the mid-70s, when drought conditions were almost as high. Drought is a cyclical event that is experienced throughout large sections of the United States and has done so since pre-historical times.",,1_7
"How Do You Differentiate Between CO2 Cold And Non-CO2 Cold?' Given the incontrovertible evidence that evil humans made the weather cold (by making the earth hot) I was wondering how you tell the difference between -20C caused by CO2 and -20C caused by a lack of CO2. Do they make a thermometer which can tell the difference?'""",,0_0
"And neither do I. Certainly, I think we should live as lightly as possible on this marvelous planet. And yes, use rates and R/P ratios are an issue. But nothing is sustainable. So lets set the phrase sustainable development on the shelf of meaningless curiosities, go back to concentrating on feeding the children we already have on this Earth, and leave the great-grandchildren to fend for themselves. Everyone says theyll live to be a thousand and be a lot richer than I am and have computers that can write poetry, so Im sure theyll figure it out.",,0_0
The far-fetched nature of these investigations suggests that they are not really intended to uncover legal wrongdoing but to harass. The state of New York wants to subject Exxon to bad publicity and impose on it the costs of producing thousands of pages of documents in response to endless subpoenas. The process is the punishment. That violates the First Amendment.,,0_0
"As for revenue-neutrality, well, color me dubious. Governments are notorious for raiding dedicated funds whenever they face revenue shortfalls. Governor Jerry Brown recently raided Californias dedicated green fund raised through its cap-and-trade system. Technically, he borrowed $500 million from Californias Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund for general revenue.",,0_0
"NCAR had modeled on the theory that aerosols were the cause, but not the Sun, which again, I found odd, since the only major source of radiation that can only affect the opening and closings and sizes of the Earths ozones IS the Sun.",,0_0
"Date: April 21, 2010 Time: 6:30 pm Central DST",,0_0
"Here is a little hint for my obvious betters at the NRC:When you rely on the models of Stefan Rahmstorf to make your sea level rise predictions, one of two things will have happened by 2030. If you are lucky your report will have been forgotten. If you are unlucky people will simply be laughing at you.",,5_1
Furthermore the Death et al. 2012 study states: The disturbance data for COTS and cyclones show periodic and random fluctuations but no systematic long-term variation over the 27 year observation period.,,1_7
The year 2007 is now very likely to become RSS MSU's 9th warmest year on record which really means one of the coldest years of our times. It will end up colder than all other years in the 21st century so far as well as 1998 (by 0.4 ??C) and 1995. We explained that 2006 was very cold but 2007 will be shown as 0.1 ??C colder.,,1_3
"People send me stuff. Today it is a PowerPoint presentation from NASA JPL that touts the new GRASP ( G eodetic R eference A ntenna in Sp ace) satellite project. I??d say it is more than a bit of a bombshell because the whole purpose of this new mission is to ???fix?? other mission data that apparently never had a stable enough reference for the measurements being made . This promises to rewrite what we know about sea level rise and acceleration, ice extent and ice volume loss measured from space.",,5_1
"Nuccitelli begins by condemning Roy Spencer for saying, No one knows whether it is currently warming, because we only see warming in the rear-view mirror, after it has occurred. This truism is characteristic of Roy, who gently nudges the language of climate science in the direction of greater rigor. One cannot measure that it is warming, only that it has warmed.",,0_0
"The report comes at a time when numerous polls demonstrate that climate change is a very low priority for most Americans. A Wall Street Journal/NBC poll in January found that climate change"" ranked last on a list of 15 issues when people were asked which ones the administration should make its priorities.""",,0_0
"Our latest topical graph shows the least-squares linear-regression trend on the RSS satellite monthly global mean lower-troposphere dataset for as far back as it is possible to go and still find a zero trend. The start-date is not cherry-picked so as to coincide with the temperature spike caused by the 1998 el Nio. Instead, it is calculated so as to find the longest period with a zero trend.",,1_4
"The global warming doomsday writers claim the ice sheets are melting catastrophically, and will cause a sudden rise in sea level of many metres. This ignores the mechanism of glacier flow which is by creep: glaciers are not melting from the surface down, nor are they sliding down an inclined plane lubricated by meltwater.",,1_1
"Most of the warming in forecasts (2/3 or more in the IPCC cases) comes from positive feedback in #3, but we really know nothing here, except that most systems are driven by negative feedback. In other words, this is so unsettled we dont even know the sign of the effect. ( Video here )",,3_1
"DETROIT In the race to claim ever-higher fuel-economy numbers and keep up with government regulations, automakers are rolling out hybrids and electric cars aplenty at this weeks Detroit auto show.",,0_0
"To state the obvious: Briggs is a petty bourgeois pedant and moralist a parasitic excrescence . Even a cursory review of his moral effluvia shows him chewing the rags of absolutist ethics and eternal truths, revealing him as nothing more than a vulgar philistine spewing ideas that colonize the masses and ignore the only end that needs no justification: the liberation of mankind.",,0_0
Be afraid of the dark: Misguided NIMBYs foster future of blackouts,,0_0
"2. Uncertainties. The uncertaintiesin their Figure S2 (A) (shaded dark and light pink in Figure 1 above) are constant over time. In other words, they say that their method is as good at predicting the sea level two thousand years ago as it is today ?? seems doubtful.",,5_1
A shiny new satellite suggests that a cooling period of up to 23 years could be coming.,,1_2
"The finding could help explain the slowdown in temperature rises this century that climate sceptics have seized on as evidence climate change has stopped, even though 14 of the 15 hottest years on record have happened since 2000.",,1_4
"Stefan Rahmstorfs Sea Level Amnesia Using His Own Numbers, Sea Level Rise Actually Slowed Down 3%!",,1_6
"Their work"" is all about imposing a meaninglessly contrived language upon people. Moreover, Ms Marletto's understanding of energy dominated by the question whether it can be obtained for free is exactly the same childish misunderstanding of the concept that Feynman would humiliate in his text Judging Books By Their Covers . ""Energy makes it go"" was written as an answer to all questions in the book. Feynman pointed out that the children wouldn't learn a damn thing. They could have written ""Wakalixes make it go"" just as well. Moreover, the statements aren't really true because energy isn't what makes things go. It's just being converted from one form to another etc.""",,0_0
"Jeremy Grantham is the wildly successful investor who writes entertaining quarterly letters to his fellow die-hard contrarians."" Grantham struck it rich investing against herd mentality and his missives usually sparkle with insights. I've been a fan for a long time. But there is one issue on which Grantham has jettisoned his contrarian impulses: global warming. He has joined the fashionable crowd of alarmists and doom-and-gloomers.""",,5_2
"The problem is that it is I who have the microphone. I understands that it irritates you, but Mr. tillfllet to vederlgga your arguments tnker I do not let g ifrn me, frklarade Gabriel.",,0_0
9. Mexico - Agreement to Promote Technical Cooperation in Environmental and Natural Resource Areas,,0_0
"Dr. Michael Coffman explains that island biogeography was first postulated in 1967 and  is a set of theories of how population and genetic dynamics are affected when stressed on isolated islands in the South Pacific .It postulates that, like isolated islands separated by oceans, forested ecosystems that are separated or ""fragmented"" by ""oceans"" of cut-over land, housing tracts, parking lots, and roads are therefore isolated from each other."" To prevent this, corridors and reserves must be created to allow genetic material for the varied species to flow in and out of the natural habitats stabilizing the species populations."" (Coffman, ""Biological Diversity,"" p.2-3)""",,0_0
"Or, some at the march were there for entirely unrelated reasons, such as this walking contradiction:",,0_0
"CFACT will be there: exposing, debunking and offering constructive solutions.",,0_0
"Figure 2 & 3 show the latest territorial distribution of emissions, and the change over the last ten years.While emissions in the US and EU have fallen by around 8% and 14% respectively, they have sharply increased not only in China and India, but also in the Rest of the World.",,0_0
"Keith Kloor has a good article at YaleClimateMediaForum, entitled Science Journalism Under Fire . Some excerpts:",,0_0
"As always, with intellectuals when they analyze their failure, its impossible for them to have been defeated by better arguments and stronger evidence. Mannes synopsis:",,0_0
"So when governments subsidise generation of energy, such as wind, wave and tidal so that the producer gets far more than the actual price of energy, as determined by the free market for energy, what this added cost represents is a higher energy usage in producing that energy source than economic energy sources.",,4_2
This piece originally appeared in National Review Online.,,0_0
"Winter Storms/ Blizzards Iran Blizzard, February 1972. A blizzard in Iran in Feb 1972 ended a four-year drought but the week long cold and snow caused the deaths of approximately 4,000 people.",,0_0
"According to (1) , construction of a pH profile for the middle Eocene tropical Pacific Ocean shows that atmospheric pCO 2 was probably similar to modern concentrations or slightly higher .",,2_3
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Adjunct Fellow Fran Smith on the outlook for a new trade agreement:,,0_0
Another renowned scientist with objections to the Big Bang had additional problems in the 1930s. Einstein won the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1921 for thephotoelectric effect . He was a marked man in his Nazi occupied homeland and luckily fled to America in 1933. Einstein was in the unfortunate position of begging for funds to develop an atomic weapon. His begging letters to FDR are available on-line.,,0_0
Boeing Announces Big Layoffs in Defense Division US Business News CNBC,,0_0
"We may have some information about the spin of the electron a second ago and predict some measurement of the spin we perform the next second. This is true both in classical physics and quantum mechanics. The two frameworks radically differ by the spectrum"" of possible values that the spin can take (and similarly other observables). And they also fundamentally differ in the way how we make predictions about the future measurements about the information that the measurements will yield (it's the very same thing) from the information that the past experiments have already yielded. The laws of quantum mechanics are probabilistic and involve all the linear Hermitian operators acting on a Hilbert space (or density matrices which are also operators on the Hilbert space).""",,0_0
"The worlds response to climate change is deeply flawed. The conventional wisdom on how to deal with climate change has failed and its time to change course. To date, climate policies have been guided by targets and timetables for emissions reduction derived from various academic exercises. Such methods are both oblivious to and in violation of on-the-ground political and technological realities that serve as practical boundary conditions for effective policy making. Until climate policies are designed with respect for these boundary conditions, failure is certain. Using nothing more than arithmetic and logical explanation, this talk provides a comprehensive exploration of the problem and a proposal for a more effective way forward.",,4_2
"World temperatures rose by a half degree in the first half of the 20th century through mostly natural phenomena. No one knows why ( though solar activity may help explain it ), but even global warming's strongest supporters agree that it was probably not due to man. No one can therefore with any accuracy separate warming in the late 20th century due to this natural effect and warming due to man's impact. Check out Mann's now-famous hockey stick below:",,2_1
"Another study finds evidence of the climate during the Middle Ages being warmer than now, this time in Tibet.",,2_1
"Greenlands surface has gained more than half a trillion tons of ice, it is still snowing, and less than eight possible weeks left to the melt season.",,1_1
a perturbative naturalness argument: having a smaller Planck mass than dictated by the inequality above would be a form of fine-tuning,,0_0
"According to a graph published on the NASA Earth Observatory site , Arctic temperatures were warmer in 1930's than at the end of the 20th century. In addition, the graph shows the Arctic warmed ~1.6C over the 19 year period from ~1918-1937 at a rate of 0.84C/decade, 75% faster than the 0.48C/decade from 1980-2000. Thus, alarmist claims that recent Arctic warming is unprecedented or accelerating are bogus.",,2_1
"Since when is valuing personal freedoms, many of which are protected by the Constitution, and being suspicious of those scientists who have been claiming were all going to die, or questioning sweeping government intervention anything other than a deeply embedded American tradition and a very good idea under any circumstance?",,0_0
"In a region where the sway and cunning of both are closely watched and compared, it has been a good week for the Chinese leader and a poor one for the American.",,0_0
"We used HEM to analyze the impact of making hydraulic fracturing more feasible by increasing the availability of petroleum in North America. In particular, we ran two of the same simulations that the EIA used in Effects of Removing Restrictions on U.S. Crude Oil Exports,"" in comparing the impact of lifting the export ban to the impact of lifting the export ban coupled with greater availability of shale oil, shale gas, and its variants in North America.""",,0_0
16d. The ability of global climate models to model temperature values for the next 50 years,,0_0
"At the same time, Santorum was leveling similar attacks at Romney, who supported carbon reductions when he was governor, before changing course to oppose the 10-state cap-and-trade program called the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative.",,0_0
"Unfortunately, the anti-science of climate science will continue since it appears to be prerequisite of research funding - in simple words, scientists are forced to support the consensus green political agenda in order to survive and thrive.",,5_2
"Recent extreme weather cannot be blamed on global warming, because there has not been any global warming to speak of. It is as simple as that.",,1_7
"The possibility is based on the idea that global warming will cause a freshening of the waters in the North Atlantic, so causing the Gulf Stream to weaken or even shut down. This would mean warmer waters would not be present in the North Atlantic, causing a drastic lowering of temperatures in the areas that rely on the Gulf Stream to maintain a temperate climate (temperate Great Britain is on the same latitudes as inhospitable Labrador in Canada).",,0_0
Geologist: IPCC Confuses Prognoses With Facts 15-Year Climate Development No Longer Agrees With IPCC Models,,5_1
"Between 1989 and 2010, Congress rejected nearly 700 cap-tax-and-trade and similar bills that their proponents claimed would control Earth's perpetually fickle climate and weather. So even as real world crises erupt, President Obama is using executive fiats and regulations to impose his anti-hydrocarbon agenda, slash America's fossil fuel use, bankrupt coal and utility companies, make electricity prices skyrocket, and fundamentally transform"" our economic, social, legal and constitutional system.""",,4_1
"Unfortunately, a distinguished ecologist called Jim Steele found fault with her conclusion: there had been more local extinctions in the southern part of the butterflys range due to urban development than in the north, so only the statistical averages moved north, not the butterflies. There was no correlated local change in temperature anyway, and the butterflies have since recovered throughout their range. When Steele asked Parmesan for her data, she refused . Parmesans paper continues to be cited as evidence of climate change. Steele meanwhile is derided as a denier. No wonder a highly sceptical ecologist I know is very reluctant to break cover.",,3_2
"The tragic deaths in the Mediterranean are precisely in line with the predictions of climate security analysts, without urgent action they could herald an era of mass migration and international tension",,0_0
"Also, IPCC has no rules for data archiving and sharing. This resulted in Phil Jones not making his raw temperature data available, even when critics asked for this data via FOI requests. IPCC nevertheless uses these data as one of the basic pillars in their global warming edifice.",,5_2
Congress says yes to high-skilled immigrants,,0_0
"Congress, Ready to Drive a Stake Through the Climate Vampire's Heart",,0_0
"Newt Gingrich: Even if he's not a presidential contender, the former House speaker is still the best political ideas man in the business. As such, he's a powerful draw on the speech and lecture circuitand a force for other Republicans to reckon with.",,0_0
"How many unquestionable climate activists are there? No, it is not one billion. The number of these particular loons was counted to be twenty-three. It's not hard to memorize them. Sane people just don't care about this dumb propaganda, certainly not to the point that they would actively sign petitions.",,0_0
"California Gov. Jerry Brown is 76 and turns 78 in 2016. Andrew Cuomo lives with a woman not his wife not a problem in New York, but not helpful for a national candidate.",,0_0
"Whether its sea ice data, accumulated cyclone energy, the last two brutal German winters, ocean cycles, satellite data, etc., Rahmstorf refuses to believe the data no matter what. The climates after us.",,5_2
Oregon Degree Days Deviation Map 41 F,,0_0
"The total amount of CO2 humans have added to the atmosphere in the last 100 years has upset the radiative energy budget of the Earth by only 1%. How the climate system responds to that small ?poke? is very uncertain. The IPCC says there will be strong warming, with cloud changes making the warming worse. I claim there will be weak warming, with cloud changes acting to reduce the influence of that 1% change. The difference between these two outcomes is whether cloud feedbacks are positive (the IPCC view), or negative (the view I and a minority of others have).",,0_0
"Moreover, unhealthy US emissions plunged nearly 90% since 1970, even as coal use for electricity generation increased 170% and the newest coal-fired power plants reduce pollution by almost this amount, using supercritical"" technologies, while also reducing carbon dioxide emissions by 20% or more, according the EPA and US Energy Information Administration reports.""",,0_0
"Men have objectified women for ages, said founder Rainer Castillo. ""We've flipped the game. Now women will objectify them."" While Chubbies' culture is explicitly fratty (its official Instagram account announces, ""Retro badasses, bacon, and occasionally shorts;"" beer is a given) and is gleeful and boastful about the Chubster's supposed knee-weakening effect on women, the conversation, the language, and the culture are explicitly self-referentially male.""",,0_0
Advocates of immediate precautionary actions often state there is nearly unanimous agreement among scientists that the globe is warming at an unacceptably rapid rate and that society is to blame. But the claim of a scientific consensus on the causes of global warming is not supportable. Consider these two points.,,5_1
"Basal geothermal heat flow melts/collapses Hagafellsjkull Glacier in Iceland West Antarctica, Greenland, the central Arctic Ocean Basin, Iceland, and now the Svalbard Island Chain have one thing in common: powerful and currently active geological forcesspecifically geothermal heat flow and associated fluid releaseare melting their glacial ice masses. This contention is supported by previous postings here , here , here , and here .",,0_0
"The next administration, the Congress, and the courts could argue ""you can't repeal the Environmental Protection Agency regulations or overturn them in court, we made an international commitment,"" Ebell said.""",,0_0
?The findings in the new report from the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program (AMAP) are a cause for great concern.,,0_0
"This occurred despite the diversion of land and crops from production of food to the production of biofuels in large part in response to climate change policies. According to one estimate, such diversions helped push 130155 million people in 2008 into absolute poverty, exacerbating hunger in this most marginal of populations which, in turn, may have led to 190,000 premature deaths worldwide in 2010 alone. Goklany IM (2011), Could Biofuel Policies Increase Death and Disease in Developing Countries? Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons 16 (1): 913.",,4_4
Solomon says such problems also afflict other outstanding U.S. scientists such as Richard Lindzen of MIT and malaria expert Dr. Paul Reiter of the Pasteur Institute in Paris.,,0_0
"So why is Markey suddenly feeling such sympathy for Dow and other chemical manufacturers, about the only segment of American industry likely to take a serious short term hit if exports are greenlighted and artificially low gas prices rise to more stable levels? Is it pure coincidence that Dow has two large plants in or near his district, in Marlborough and North Andover, both purchased from Rohm & Haas in 2009? They are key hubs in the company's $14 billion chemical and materials business, and employ approximately 1500 workers.",,0_0
"This restatement is particularly hard to justify as direct inspection of the temperature measurement points reveals growing urban heat biases, which should imply, if anything, adjustments up in the past and/or down in the present, exactly opposite of the GISS work. I have written a number of letters and inquiries asking the GISS what systematic bias they are finding/assuming that biased measurements upwards in rural times but downwards in urban times, but I have never gotten a response, nor seen one anywhere online.",,5_1
"The next two graphs of measured lapse rates show how changes in the lapse rates change the temperature at the surface. The altitude at which this happens can be seen on the graphs of the temperature of the atmosphere as a function of altitude measured by radiosondes in different parts of the world, during existing local atmospheric conditions. The first measurements were taken at a location in Australia and shows what happens if there are more greenhouse gases"" near the surface, there is more water vapor in the air on the wet day and the temperature at the ground is lower. In the theory of AGW a small increase in the concentration of CO 2 is amplified by an increase of water vapor, and the temperature is supposed to increase. Instead in the measured data the temperature falls when the concentration is increased and the theory of AGW is hopefully dead at last.""",,2_3
"First, laboratory tests prove that carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas. But that observation tells us nothing about how much the global temperature changes if extra carbon enters the real, complicated atmosphere. Every emitted carbon atom raises the global temperature, but the missing hotspot shows that the effect is negligible.",,2_3
"Yes, not even that. According to the IPCC the global temperature has risen by about 0.74 degrees C. In jmfrelse with Linderholm's data is not much to react ver. Especially as we have not seen someone tempera Turkish accession in the 2000s.",,0_0
"Prime Minister (and I only use that term out of respect for the Office) you are a confirmed liar and I do not accept any of your propaganda to firther your agenda. But, answer me one question by how much will this carbon tax reduce the temperature of the Earth?",,5_2
The Obama administration announced plans yesterday to create a new National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Climate Service..,,0_0
# coef logLik cil95 ciu95 cil90 ciu90 ci95,,0_0
"Similar motivation was the debate about the rights of future generations, excellently summarized recently by O. M. Hartwich, ?The Rights of the Future,? Policy, Vol. 25, No. 3, 2009; www.oliver-marc-hartwich.com/publications/the-rights-of-the-future. I agree with him that ?the very idea that there are some resources that we have borrowed from the future leads us into a logical dead-end? (p. 7). The question he raises: ?Do we owe the future generations a specific set of resources? Or do we simply owe them our best efforts to leave them a free and prosperous society in which they can make their own choices?? (p. 8) is very appropriate. It is, of course, not only about resources, it is about intertemporal decision-making in general. I am also convinced that the best thing we can do now is to leave our successors a free and democratic society.",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Policy Analyst Michelle Minton on why Michigan lawmakers should not try to legislate lower insurance rates.,,0_0
"Remember, too, that Garnaut's recommendation is that the tax rate should be increased at 4 per cent a year, which would result in a cost doubling in less than 20 years.",,0_0
"Michael Kundu, Board President of Marysville (Washington State, USA) District #25 has written to colleagues to urge them to trash a free science resource that discusses logic, reason and evidence, and the core of science. The Skeptics Handbook has arrived at school board presidents desks around the US.",,0_0
"Even if Waxman-Markey works according to design, it appears the net reduction in GHG emissions by 2050 would only be about 50 percentstill an ambitious target, but considerably less than the 83 percent reduction advertised in the bill's summary. In other words, instead of reducing fossil fuel CO2 emissions from 6 billion tons to 1 billion tonsthe stated targetthe use of offsets and other gimmicks means that CO2 emissions will only be reduced to about 3 billion tons. The 83 percent reduction by 2050"" represents false advertising.""",,0_0
"In the wake of sexual misconduct allegations, the ghastly 2010 novel by Rajendra Pachauri is being taken out of circulation.",,0_0
"4 Fourth, satellites have measured the outgoing radiation from the earth and found that the earth gives off more heat when the surface is warmer, and less heat in months when the earths surface is cooler. Who could have guessed? But the climate models say the opposite, that the Earth gives off less heat when the surface is warmer, because they trap heat too aggressively (positive feedback). Again, the climate models are violently at odds with reality.",,5_1
"But the credibility gap with ClimateCounts doesn't end with Hirshberg. The group's executive vice president is Lisa Witter, who is also chairman of Fenton Communications a name that should be very familiar to aficionados of the history of health and environmental scare-mongering.",,0_0
"Delegates from around the world gather in Bonn this weekend to chart the future of a new global-warming treaty they hope to sign in Mexico this fall or in South Africa in 2011 at the latest. This treaty would lock our nation into massive new taxation, regulation, subsidies and redistribution; take unprecedented control of our economy; and radically alter our way of life. Laws and regulations that increase the power of government are seldom repealed. Treaties are tougher still. The costs and burdens of the treaty these delegates hope to sign are so extraordinary, they cannot be justified unless every link in the chain of logic supporting the treaty is beyond reproach.",,4_1
"From a 2005 Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard page, Global Warming: What's Known vs. What's Told"", first quoting from other Nieman writers, then environment reporter Bud Ward:""",,0_0
"Of course, this agency would be fair. They would realize that it was trivial to see that the fire couldn't occur - because they were looking at hundreds of similar houses in the past and they knew the actual reason of the small recent fire. And the only reason why they had to see this house was that its owner was misled by a well-known group of fraudsters - and a fair agency doesn't want to charge people for such incidents because that would effectively be collaboration with the fraudsters. So they would only charge the homeowner $50. As you can see, the guy saved $19,900. He is insured and owns additional houses in other towns, anyway.",,0_0
"After finding polar bear prints and scat they finally encounter one actual bear, an animal who appears half-starved and confused by the Greenlandic summer, which has rendered the fjords ice-free for a few weeks each year, for the first time in human memory. He has ransacked a remote cabin left behind by other explorers or scientists the only human structure we see in this entire film eaten the entire cache of canned foods and chocolate bars, and left behind a potent stench of polar-bear urine and excrement. If its possible to read the moods of a wild animal, this one seems both bewildered and enraged; its almost as if he understands on some instinctive level that the creatures who left this building and its peculiar treats behind are also responsible for his predicament.",,0_0
The blue and red are warmer and the green and tan are cooler. Uncolored is the same as the 30 year average.,,0_0
"The Vatican City would be an expression of the US itself, without international interference problems; the only principle which would increase and that the Presidents are responsible for what they do, and what they leave; many of the crimes would be out in the sunlight because it's better to be honest in front of the Vatican, who find themselves having to answer for crimes they did not have.",,0_0
"In the East, a region lacking a security regime analogous to NATO, the lack of clarity of the law of the sea regarding such issues as military and intelligence-gathering activities in the EEZs of other countries, and the competing claims for territorial waters and seabeds, has become a game increasingly fraught with dangers. The best known example is the Spratly Islands, one hundred or so islands scattered over an area the size of France, said to hold more oil than Kuwait, and situated right in the middle of one of the busiest sea lanes, used by 300 ships a day. The Islands are claimed in part or totality by no fewer than 17 countries, and five of them (including China) actually have small military forces on these otherwise uninhabited islands.",,0_0
"Second, they also argued that the p-value of the F-test entitled them to take notice, even if it was greater than 5%:",,0_0
"Since energy touches every aspect of our lives, this is a subject that requires careful consideration and extended debate. We need candidates putting forward specific proposals and debating their merits on the campaign trail so voters can make an informed choice about the type of approach they want to see. That hasn?t happened yet and debating something this important requires more deliberation than we?ve had yet.",,0_0
"An ironic bookend to that Richard Cohen column I linked earlier accusing the GOP of being a cult"" that can't face unpleasant realities. Look out here for actual chanting about how allegedly un-broke we are. (Even The One is more reality-based than that.) You've seen this schtick before remember Michael Moore's disgusting speech in Wisconsin about the ""400 little Mubaraks"" who have stolen ""our"" money? but watch it anyway to see how slippery Jones is with the actual numbers. Turns out there's ""a lot"" of wealth out there that could be used to reduce the deficit; not enough wealth to keep up with a metastasizing government, especially with entitlement spending set to explode, but still, it's ""a lot."" No need to sweat the details.""",,0_0
"Ice core data from Law Dome focus on changes in nitrate and may reflect changing wind patterns over Antarctica. The wind currents that bring nitrate to the continent, however, are less well known than those that carry sodium and calcium.",,0_0
"Validation of Climate Models: Writing in Watts Up With That? , Tim Ball reviews a book by Vincent Gray, The Global Warming Scam and the Climate Change Super Scam. Gray is an expert reviewer of all five major reports of the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), submitting thousands of comments.",,0_0
"32 EPA Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance, Enforcement Alert,"" January 1999, cited in Corporate Environmental Enforcement Council, supra note 17, p. 18.""",,0_0
"You cannot trust the UN's World Meteorological Organization which like the IPCC is just part of a vast matrix of groups that have been so severely corrupted by the global warming/climate change hoax that one must exercise caution when hearing its forecasts. If they are for anything beyond two weeks hence, you would be wise to be dubious.",,5_2
"Toyota Recall 2010: Avalon, Lexus Among 1.53 Million Recalled Cars:",,0_0
"There is a lot of work to do. But after all, the Senate has a full three and a half weeks before Christmas to do it.",,0_0
Has atmospheric CO2 decreased? A different way to look at CO2 changes,,0_0
"In addition, computers and mobile phones both mjliggjort an exchange of information and ideas that would have been otnkbart from just 30 years ago, and contributed to the development of knowledge that also would have been regarded as a future utopia.",,0_0
Most likely American Thinker readers are aware that the Heartland Institute held its Fourth International Conference on Climate Change earlier in the week May 16 18. I'm still feeling electrified from the impact the event had on me.,,0_0
The president of Spain's renewable energy association along with a Communist Party affiliated trade federation decried the paper's lead author as being unpatriotic.,,0_0
"Finally, weve got this somewhat hokey but still fun to watch movie of how we are all totally doomed (h/t Caldera Girl).",,0_0
"And finally, the Heartland meltdown puts Gleicks actions into a new perspective. An indirect consequence of Gleicks actions seems to have been to motivate some individual environmentalists to harass Heartland, which triggered a response that included the billboard. I still dont think that Heartland was a worthy target for Gleicks bullet, although his bullet seems more effective to me now than it did a few months ago.",,0_0
"Time is up! Write down your answer. As I will try to demonstrate, the correct answer is probably very close to (a).90% of the temperature anomaly this and last summer is the result of natural variability with a minor assist from global warming.",,2_1
"According to NOAA, July 2012, the hottest month in Nebraska in recent years was still not as hot as either July 1934 or 1936. Comparison with 1934, for instance shows:",,2_1
"Those natural cycles well documented in the scientific literature for at least their regional effects are forgotten. Except by some of us who have been working in the climate field for at least a few decades. Ask Weatherbell's Joe Bastardi, who has been talking about these natural cycles for years and using them to make good long-range forecasts.",,2_1
Jylland Posten ends its 2-page feature story with questions and comments by Svensmark:,,0_0
Marlo Lewis Jr.Vice President for Policy & Coalitions,,0_0
"Geophysical Research Letters abstract 1999 J. Feynman,A. Ruzmaikin High energy cosmic rays may influence the formation of clouds and thus impact weather and climate. Due to systematic solar wind changes, the intensity of cosmic rays incident on the magnetopause has decreased markedly during this century. The pattern of cosmic ray precipitation through the magnetosphere to the upper troposphere has also changed. Early in the century, the part of the troposphere open to cosmic rays of all energies was typically confined to a relatively small high-latitude region. As the century progressed the size of this region increased by over 25% and there was a 6.5 equatorward shift in the yearly averaged latitudinal position of the subauroral region in which cloud cover has been shown to be cosmic ray flux dependent. We suggest these changes in cosmic ray intensity and latitude distribution may have influenced climate change during the last 100 years.",,2_1
"Automakers who manufacture the small cars said the tests simulated a high-speed crash that rarely happens on the road. They also said the tests rehashed past insurance industry arguments against tougher fuel efficiency requirements. The institute has raised questions about whether stricter gas mileage rules, which are being developed by the government, might lead to smaller, lighter vehicles that could be less safe.",,0_0
"It turns out that the belief in a sensitive climate is not because of the observational evidence, but in spite of it. You can start to learn more about the evidence for low climate sensitivity (negative feedbacks) here .",,3_1
But it is religion that asks us to have faith; science presents us with theories,,0_0
"Jules Crittenden takes Stephen Harper to task . And rightly so. Dr. Rusty Shacleford has the full length Bin Laden 9/11 hijacker video , if you think it's worth your time to download it. Where there's a Clinton, can a crook be far away ? Junk science in action. Add yours in the comments.",,0_0
"A potentially serious inconsistency has been identified in the tropics. The favored explanation for this is residual error in the observations, but the issue is still open.",,5_1
"June of 1933 also had a heatwave, and Hartington, Nebraska was very hot. In fact it was so hot, that high temperatures during June 1933 averaged 9.2 degrees warmer than June 2012 .",,1_7
"10. Ecologist Kenneth Watt told Time that, At the present rate of nitrogen buildup, it's only a matter of time before light will be filtered out of the atmosphere and none of our land will be usable.""",,0_0
"So despite the fact that renewable subsidies are only a sixth of the fossil subsidies, per unit of energy they are seven times as large as the fossil subsidies.",,4_4
Climate Change: Key Mission for the US Navy?,,0_0
"By Marcelo Rochabrun, Pro Publica, Aug 11, 2015",,0_0
I gave up on Judith Curry a while ago. I don?t know what she think?s she?s,,0_0
While Grantham might be correct about some harder-edged libertarian,,0_0
"/s/ Ed Gibson JSC, Astronaut Skylab 4, 14 years",,0_0
"The more that groups such as the American Enterprise Institute, CEI, or the Chamber of Commerce talk about the hideous costs of its policy prescriptions, the happier it makes the devotees of this cult. Their view is that we have sinned against the Earth, and the extent of the suffering we must now undergo shows the magnitude of that sin.",,0_0
"So, whats going on with the sun? The latest research was presented at the Nagoya Workshop on the Relationship between Solar Activity and Climate Changes .",,0_0
The following now-familiar plot of ocean heat content change for the surface 700 meter depth layer is the result of a layer average temperature increase of about 0.17 deg. C over the 55 year record:,,0_0
"These calamities included predicting a ?BBQ summer? before the 2009 washout and then claiming there was only a one in seven chance of a chilly winter last year before the coldest few months for 31 years. And the new figures, which show a 60 per cent to 80 per cent chance of warmer-than-average temperatures this winter, were ridiculed last night by independent forecasters. The latest data comes in the form of a December to February temperature map on the Met Office?s website.",,0_0
"These leaders also thought that an attack on climate change and, more broadly, evidence-based policy analysis would fuel suspicion and demonization of not just liberal politicians but the broader liberal establishment. The conspiracy theories and over-the-top attacks on Obama and Democrats repeated regularly on cable TV news shows, talk radio, blogs, and social media were not created or directly condoned by GOP establishment leaders although they were repeated by rank-and-file lawmakers.",,0_0
"Most green energy policies undermine human progress, wrote Moore and White. ""They are regressive, disproportionately hurting low and middle income families by driving energy prices higher, thus eroding their standard of living.""",,4_1
"Moments after her son finished practicing with his fifth-grade tackle football team, Beth Sparks examined his scuffed and battered helmet for what she admitted was the first time. She looked at the polycarbonate shell and felt the foam inside before noticing a small emblem on the back that read, MEETS NOCSAE STANDARD.""",,0_0
"Lubchenco said her agency already receives millions of requests each year for the type of information the proposed climate service would provide, and we fully expect requests for information to grow explosively.",,0_0
"This hearing was followed by a special seminar organized by the Royal Netherlands Academy of Sciences, using the same format but focusing on scientific topics. The Academy will soon publish a report about this seminar.",,0_0
"An interview with General David Petraeus. as a black man I cannot be racist  ""Just had a visit from two uniformed officers. Reason? My firearms renewal, but more significantly this blog. It seems that my crappy little corner of the blogosphere has come to the attention of the police, and they don't like it."" James Travers: Code Talker Comments are open for yours.""",,0_0
"The Washington Post Sunday edition devotes a page to the discussion of what impact the current cold snap and immense amount of snow (a record in the nation's capital) has and should have on the global warming debate generally and legislation specifically. Most of the space goes to the liberal but often thoughtful Dana Milbank, with snippets to others.",,0_0
"We don't have to imagine that scenario, of course. It happened in Copenhagen, in December. Now, none of this disproves the hypothesis of catastrophic, human induced climate change. But it does describe an atmosphere that would be highly conducive to misrepresentation. And at the very least, when policy consequences, which claim to be based on science, are so profound, the evidence ought to be rock solid. Extraordinary claims,"" the late Carl Sagan often said, ""require extraordinary evidence."" When the megaphones of consensus insist that there's no time, that we have to move, MOVE, MOVE!, you have a right to be suspicious.""",,0_0
"A new study in the September 2002 issue of the Journal of Climate takes another look at the discrepancy in temperature trends between the surface, measured by ground-based thermometers, and the atmosphere (more specifically the troposphere), measured by satellite-borne instruments, and concludes that we don't know why there is a discrepancy.",,5_1
"African dust plays a key role in cloud formation, hurricanes and other global climate phenomena but models cant characterize it well.",,5_1
"Accumulated Cyclone (hurricanes, in the North Atlantic) Energy across the world: we are near a 30 year low.",,1_7
"Even if we are willing to assume very large multipliers from renewable power, its impact on employment will be trivial, whether taken as a fraction of all energy, clean economy jobs, or the entire labor force.",,4_2
The slowdown in rising temperatures over the past 15 years goes from being unexplained to overexplained.,,1_4
"In reality sea level changes can be measured accurately only to centimetres, and often only to within several centimetres and very often not even that. Munk (3) confirms this writing that:",,5_1
"From this, they concluded that variations in wetness could not account for the very large variations in Patriot ball pressures and that the Patriot balls measured by officials did notall start the game at or near the same pressure (though they didnt define near):",,0_0
"Meacher: I mean floods in Britain is one we are having to explain, rising sea levels, but in America quite serious things are happening, certainly stronger hurricanes on the east coast which are to do with, what is the name of that hurricane that comes every 2-3 years?""",,0_0
"After applying this test, I find that using the method I prefer (averaging first, then fitting the trend), I the best estimate by the IPCC is rejected to a confidence of 95%. It is too high to be consistent with the weather data we have experienced.",,0_0
"Right, but it is A-OK if all taxpayers, including those who will never see a baseball game, are taxed to pay for the new stadium.",,0_0
"Quoting the nine Australian researchers, there is evidence to reject one model as unsuitable for making climate projections in the region, and another two models unsuitable for analysis of the South Pacific Convergence Zone (SPCZ)."" And they add that ""many of the systematic model biases in the mean climate in CMIP3 are also present in the CMIP5 models,"" specifically identifying ""biases in the position and orientation of the SPCZ and Inter-Tropical Convergence Zone, as well as the spatial pattern, variability and teleconnections of the West Pacific monsoon, and the simulation of El Ni?o Southern Oscillation."" In addition, they indicate that unresolved problems also prohibit successful modeling of the region's cold tongue and the West Pacific monsoon, further adding that there are still ""several regions in the world where CMIP5 models show significant differences to observed trends in temperature and mean sea level pressure.""",,5_1
"GM advocates have been slow to respond, or don't want to counter misinformation at all. A website, GMO Answers, was developed just last year, providing access to at least some experts on the technology. That's years too late for an issue that has been contentious for more than two decades.",,0_0
"To set up a new governance for IPCC, in order to turn it into a truly scientific body, rather than a mostly political one;",,0_0
"on Saturday, July 17th, 2010 at 3:41 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"That is why it is so important that Fred Singer has now publicly declared that CO2 does not affect Global temperature, and Pierre Latour has helped him along the way by providing an algebraic proof.",,2_3
"I had to provide medical history information, which probably is not required under Obamacare because of community rating (though I am not sure)",,0_0
Gas Prices Climbing Toward $5 Per Gallon:,,0_0
"Tropical rainforests are also important because they supply a great variety of commercial and noncommercial products: timber (some highly prized woods such as teak, mahogany, and rosewood), fuel wood, fruits, vegetables, nuts and spices, medicines (a quarter of all medically-active substances come from tropical plants , and around 70% of the 3,000 plants identified by the U.S. National Cancer Institute as having anti-cancer properties are tropical rain forest species. (de Miranda p.156)""",,0_0
"Read here . Earth's climate and environment has suffered from a wide range of extremes over billions of years. Yet climate models extrapolate their predictions from conditions experienced during mid-1970's to late 1990's - definitely, an incredibly microscopic view of actual Earth climate history.",,5_1
"In any given second, the Earth absorbs 1.22 x 1017Joules of light energy from the Sun. This is calculated with the Stefan-Boltzmann equation for the Sun, factored for the distance to the Earth and the Earths cross-sectional area, and its albedo.",,0_0
"Uh? You mean, not only has the new IPCC report found less warming, but it finds less warming since pre-industrial times (ie around 1800) to 2100 than the last report said would happen from 1990 to 2100.",,0_0
"Last week was good for environmentalists, and perhaps even for the environment. President Obama doubled down on his effort to increase the likelihood of the success of the 2015 UN climate change conference in Paris, claiming the U.S. has a special responsibility to lead. That's what great nations do."" He took the occasion of the UN meetings in New York to put the heat on China, the world's largest polluter, to match the steps the U.S. is taking to reduce its CO2 emissions. The president is relying on executive orders to by-pass Congress and put in place stricter control of power plant emissions. He must believe that if he has the power to order such reductions without consulting Congress, surely the leaders of the somewhat less democratic Chinese regime can rely on similar fiats. He also believes that if the world's two largest emitters agree on a program to reduce these greenhouse gasses, the third, fourth, and fifth largest polluters will sign on to that program.""",,0_0
The number of dodgy adjustments could be reduced from 49 to a mere 16.,,0_0
"In Australia, Abbott did not run on the platform of 1996-2007 Liberal Prime Minister John Howard. He called for an expensive parental leave program to encourage childbearing, for example.",,0_0
28 But I say to you that every one who looks at a woman lustfully has already committed adultery with her in his heart,,0_0
"As I understand, the plan now is for world leaders to fly in for the first day and hold a pep rally, Myron Ebell, director of energy policy at the free market Competitive Enterprise Institute. ""That way, they can't impede the negotiations as they did in Copenhagen in 2009.""",,0_0
"Since 2000, industrial power prices are up 13 percent in real dollars, while commercial power prices are up 9 percent. Before 2000, both prices had fallen steadily since 1982, by 42 percent and 27 percent, respectively, according to the federal government's Energy Information Administration (EIA). Prices are up in part because the cost of natural gas, which increasingly fuels power plants, has skyrocketed over the period; independent power companies have also had to try to recoup the billions of dollars they spent in the early to mid-1990s building natural gas plants by passing the costs of construction on to their customers in deregulated markets.",,0_0
The globally averaged surface temperature is projected to increase by 1.4 to 5.8 C (Figure 5d) over the period 1990 to 2100.,,0_0
"4- Having the Yamal data in complete form, McIntyre replicates it, and discovers that one of Manns co-authors, Briffa, had cherry picked 10 trees data sets out of a much larger set of trees sampled in Yamal.",,0_0
"The reductions in coal generation, ascendancy of gas, influx of renewables, expansion of CHP and other distributed power forms, adoption of demand-side efficiency technologies, rise of dispatchable demand response, and deployment of advanced vehicles are all contributing to the decline in carbon emissions from the energy sector (including transport), which peaked in 2007 at 6.02Gt and have dropped by an estimated 13% since.",,0_0
"How did the attorney general respond? In an apparent attempt to avoid being subject to the anti-SLAPP law, Attorney General Walker withdrew only the D.C. subpoena, leaving the original U.S. Virgin Islands subpoena active. He also made it clear that he might reinstate the D.C. subpoena at any point in the future if he wanted to. In short, he can continue his intimidation campaign against us and others who oppose his policy views. The withdrawal only strengthens our claim that the subpoena was illegal from the start. Because of the looming threat of the existing U.S. Virgin Islands subpoena, we have continued to push for relief under the Anti-SLAPP Act. On June 28, we will have our first day in court.",,0_0
Climate Change a very low priority to US citizens (Gallup Poll),,0_0
"I disagree that my previous post was inaccurate. I summarized rather than putting in details, some of which are contained above.",,0_0
"Regarding the impact of the IAC review of the IPCC: Pachauri lingers, the flagging rule has vanished, and real action on conflict-of-interest has been pushed well into the future. theres just one problem. While the IAC report said it should contain three independent voices, including people from outside the climate community, the IPCC thumbed its nose at that advice . . . instead gave four of its fulltime staff members seats at the table.",,5_2
"The Affordable Power Alliance held a press conference on Capitol Hill on Tuesday to release a report on the potential economic impacts of the EPAs Endangerment Finding on low income groups and minorities. The report shows that higher energy prices will disproportionately harm poorer people. Thats because they already pay a higher percentage of their incomes on energy than better-off people. Blacks and Hispanics will also suffer major job losses as the result of higher energy prices. As a result of paying more for energy and job losses, the report predicts that poverty rates for African Americans and Hispanics will increase by 20% and 22% respectively.",,4_1
"Gov. Jan Brewer on Friday reiterated her assertion that the majority of illegal immigrants are coming to the United States for reasons other than work, saying most are committing crimes and being used as drug mules by the cartels.",,0_0
"Update January 24 2012 : There are other insightful discussions of this paper, including",,0_0
"/s/Charles F. Deiterich JSC, Mgr., Flight Operations Integration, MOD, 30 years",,0_0
"A mere 200 years ago, the vast majority of humans were poor, sick and malnourished. Life expectancy in 1810 was less than 40 years, and even royal families lived under sanitation, disease, and housing standards inferior to what American welfare families enjoy today. Then a veritable revolution occurred.",,0_0
"There is not a single passage in that book that I disagree with, or would change.",,0_0
SIMON SANTOW (ABC World Today): Sixty per cent of the 235 catchments are rated poor to moderate most are declining. ( source ),,0_0
"That is one critical questionhow much warming can we expect from a given level of emissions? Equally critical, and perhaps equally difficult, is predicting what global emissions will be over the course of the next century or more, given the vast range of dubious assumptions that have to be made about levels of economic growth, technological development, and so forth, in every country of the world, over very long time periods. Again, however, we can test the accuracy of predictions by comparing them to actual emissions today. When the NRC examined the track record of the International Panel on Climate Change in this regard, it found little reason to trust the panel's accuracy:",,5_1
"Phrased differently, because the satellites were inaccurate, climate scientists had to rely on the outputs of climate models and assume they were correct.",,5_1
"Earlier this week, FactCheck.Org published a critique of the Competitive Enterprise Institute's (CEI's) global warming ads. In this press release, CEI responds to FactCheck's allegations.",,0_0
"The downbeat attitude was further reinforced with the end of the Cold War in the late 1980s. It was widely understood that this represented the death of socialism's traditional conceptions. Less commonly appreciated was the general acceptance that no form of improved society is possible. The end of history"" proclaimed at the time was really the end, at least for the time being, of the idea of progress.""",,0_0
What are the prospects for a bipartisan approach to U.S. involvement in the major international initiatives?,,0_0
"SM: He's a man of great political courage. He's taken so much of a battering from the Republican establishment, but he's the one who had the courage to put all these issues that we all care about at the forefront of the public policy debate: term limits, school choice, Social Security privatization, the flat tax, medical savings accounts. The whole litany of free-market ideas that are so important to our country's future were first proposed by Steve Forbes in 1996. Although Pete DuPont talked about some of these things in 1988 as well.",,0_0
think of a good way to argue this. I am hopeful of finding something in the,,0_0
"Traditional conservatism is a woefully inadequate response to the rule of the progressive aristocracy because conserving the changes of the past few decades would be disastrous: the vast increase in the welfare state, the Sexual Revolution and its antinomian devaluation of all values, the nation's catastrophically bad education system, a culture promoting license and irresponsibility, and other such atrocities are necessary to the maintenance of a corrupt aristocracy which relies on the output of a productive class forced into peasant-like docility so that its goods can be extracted for the benefit of its self-proclaimed betters.",,0_0
"Carswell's advice to British Conservatives and, by implication, American Republicans, is to stop drifting to the soggy center."" Tony Abbott shows you can win.""",,0_0
"In the earlier period has by far the most deletions of data, hence the lack of closeness of fit between the average adjustment and average variance. After 1945, the consistent pattern of the average adjustment being slightly higher than the average variance is probably due to a light touch approach on adjustment corrections than due to other data deletions. The might be other reasons as well for the lack of fit, such as the impact of different length of data sets on the anomaly calculations.",,0_0
"Interestingly, Stern is now attempting to profit on his policy recommendations as he recently became Vice Chairman of IDEAGlobal group, whose IDEACarbon program is a leading professional services provider to the carbon finance community.""",,0_0
"The second bad assumption is that the relationship between species number and geographic area is linear or exponential, implying that an infinite increase in area would result in an infinite increase in the number of species. But research by Dr. Patrick Kangas at the U. of Maryland found as you continue to increase area, the numbers level off and there is a sort of diminishing return to area increase. (Center for the Study of American Business report on Endangered Species Act, p.40)",,0_0
"From page SPM-9: There is very high confidence that models reproduce the more rapid warming in the second half of the 20th century, and the cooling immediately following large volcanic eruptions. Models do not generally reproduce the observed reduction in surface warming trend over the last 1015 years. There is medium confidence that this difference between models and observations is to a substantial degree caused by unpredictable climate variability, with possible contributions from inadequacies in the solar, volcanic, and aerosol forcings used by the models and, in some models, from too strong a response to increasing greenhouse-gas forcing. {9.4.1, 10.3.1, 11.3.2; Box 9.2}",,5_1
"He is the ultimateDemocrat couldnt care less about actual people, or doing his job. What a total jackass Michael Bloomberg is. He can always blame it on Bush.",,0_0
"decline? To what extent is this issue now generally considered urgent, or even",,0_0
Drivers are asked to refrain from distant journeys and not to leave their cars where they could interfere with the passage of emergency vehicles.,,0_0
"Using a clone of the EIA's National Energy Modeling system, Heritage Foundation analysts looked at the impact of the High Resource Case on income and employment, as well as the impact on energy markets.",,0_0
"Time magazine reported that focusing on the health effects of climate change, particularly on children, produces the most emotionally compelling response."" But that makes it no less illogical only more manipulative. Air quality and children's asthma are not reasons to #ActOnClimate, and the claim only adds to the bad information and confusion characterizing the climate issue.""",,0_0
"A Dormant Sun: In February, TWTW reported a study from the Pulkovo Observatory in Russia stating that if the current solar cycle pattern continues, with little solar activity, the globe may experience a new Little Ice Age. To the researcher, what is necessary to understanding the influence of the sun is the response of the earth is lagged behind the solar cycles. http://ccsenet.org/journal/index.php/apr/article/view/14754/10140",,1_2
"We are looking for a new kind of environmental governance, something more inclusive, in which all parties have a stake and it's not just governments which have the right to speak.",,0_0
"In blasting Republicans for delaying passage of the small-business bill, Obama proclaimed, Small businesses are the engine of job growth, and measures to cut their taxes and make lending available should not be held hostage to partisan tactics."" Yet in preparing legal briefs for the Obama administration, Kagan effectively argued that small businesses that object to a particular law or regulation as unconstitutional should be held hostage to the administrative-review process of the agency responsible for enforcing that law or regulation. According to Kagan, ""regulated firms"" should have no standing to bring a constitutional claim to federal courts until they ""exhaust"" every remedy at the regulatory agency.""",,0_0
"Green slime doesn't just describe algae-based biofuels. It also describes the entire D.C.-mandated biofuel system. About the only thing really Green about it is the billions of dollars taken from taxpayers and consumers, and funneled to politicians, who dole the cash out to friendly constituents, who then return some of it as campaign contributions, to get the pols reelected, to perpetuate the gravy train.""",,0_0
"Finally, think about this question, posed by Ronald Bailey in 2000: What will Earth look like when Earth Day 60 rolls around in 2030? Bailey predicts a much cleaner, and much richer future world, with less hunger and malnutrition, less poverty, and longer life expectancy, and with lower mineral and metal prices. But he makes one final prediction about Earth Day 2030: There will be a disproportionately influential group of doomsters predicting that the futureand the presentnever looked so bleak."" In other words, the hype, hysteria and spectacularly wrong apocalyptic predictions will continue, promoted by the ""environmental grievance hustlers.""",,0_0
"The story here is mostly that base metals have stopped dropping. We had a quick swing trade up, but thats ended as metals took a dip. Prices are still below the SMA stack, which has gone flat but is not yet in a weave. That means the prior falling trend is still the one we follow. While its likely a bottom, or a bottom soon, its not yet a confirmed bottom and could fall away at any time. In that context, you swing trade the ripples on a very fast chart.",,0_0
"Satellite data shows that glaciers in part of the Karakoram range on the China-Pakistan border are putting on mass, defying (supposedly) the general trend toward glacier shrinkage.",,1_1
"The Commission mistakenly equates Intel's market share with market power. In fact, Intel has managed to sustain its market share over time only because it has continued to innovate aggressively and compete with archrival AMD to bring better processors to the market. This dynamic state of affairs has benefited consumers immensely. Spending millions of taxpayer dollars intervening in a well-functioning market is an enormous waste.",,0_0
"By Noaki Schwartz and Jason Dearen, Associated Press",,0_0
Regulators reform federal accounting rules in an effort to revive banks and other financial institutions.,,0_0
"8 ) Is Atmospheric CO2 Increasing? Yes, and most strongly in the last 50 years?which is why ?most? climate researchers think the CO2 rise is the cause of the warming. Our site measurements of CO2 increase from around the world are possibly the most accurate long-term, climate-related, measurements in existence.",,0_0
T(k) = F(k)/ + T(k-1) * exp(-1 / ),,0_0
The High Net Costs of the Draft Bill's GHG Reductions,,0_0
"The global warming pause was first identified by sceptics such as Mike Haseler (aka Scottish Sceptic) as early as 2005 but is first recorded in the climategate submissions of 2009. The pause was used to refer to the lack of predicted warming in the available temperature datasets. For example, by mid 2015, the satellite record showed no warming in 18 years and none of the available datasets showed even the lowest predicted warming of the IPCC report in 2001 (0.14/decade). The pause was hugely important because it showed that the temperature predictions were not coming true. This, together with the failure of predictions of increasing severe weather, flooding droughts and the refreezing of global sea ice leaving no overall trend in the period of available data, suggested that either the predictions were wrong, or that large amounts of long term variation were present in the real atmosphere and not included in the models, or both.",,1_4
6. No Global Warming for 15 Years: David Whitehouse. http://jennifermarohasy.com/2012/04/no-global-warming-for-15-years-david-whitehouse/,,1_4
"Unfortunately, EPA Administrator Christine Todd Whitman has pledged to continue these legal and administrative enforcement actions, even though a strong case can be made for putting such actions on hold pending NSR reform. In defense of the Clinton EPA, it should be noted that the problems and inefficiencies of NSR were observed and a reform agenda was in the works well before the November 2000 election. As we note below, some of EPA's 2002 reform proposals are based on reforms first proposed and endorsed by the previous administration.",,0_0
"Excuse me? What journalistic balance""? If the NewsHour""s ultimate explanation is that they did avoid such a ""distorted form of journalistic balance' for years, did they first check the veracity of accusations against skeptics?""",,0_0
"So far, Wall Street isn't biting. The asymmetry of risk is just too large for Wall Street to finance these projects over time horizons that exceed political and economic cycles.... Utilities willing to make this investment, but I don't see stepping up and funding this program.... The markets aren't going to support it,"" said one veteran from Wall Street who attended a recent Manhattan Institute conference on nuclear power. While the financier characterized the 2005 subsidies as ""helpful,"" he said that it's unlikely the sector will get off the ground without a far more comprehensive ""federally based insurance scheme"" that, in effect, would eliminate virtually every risk except, perhaps, commercial risk.""",,0_0
"Obama's looming skein of regulations is being promoted just one week after BP issued its latest Statistical Review of World Energy, which provides yet more proof of two indisputable facts: Even without more regulations from the White House or the EPA, the U.S. continues to lead the world in reducing carbon-dioxide emissions. And while the U.S. may be cutting its coal use (and, therefore, its carbon-dioxide emissions), the rest of the world continues to binge on coal.",,0_0
"So why tout nuclear power now? Former Democratic National Committee chairman Ed Rendell told Sean Hannity last night that the nuclear line was a bone thrown to Republicans in the name of bipartisan outreach. Along with opening up limited areas offshore for oil and gas drilling, saying yes to nuclear power is a bid to attract some GOPers to support the president's manifestly unpopular initiatives, such as cap-and-trade.",,0_0
Dr. Miskolczi: The conventional greenhouse theory does not consider the newly discovered physical relationships involving infrared radiative fluxes. These relationships pose strong energetic constraints on an equilibrium system.,,2_3
"The rollout will see the introduction of new equipment into customer premises, including:",,0_0
"As such, Sierra Club's new ad campaign may have it backwards: While there's scant evidence that suggests climate change (if it's happening) would increase the incidence of childhood asthma, much more robust evidence indicates that global warming (if it does exist) would lower the number of asthma attacks suffered by children by reducing the severity and duration of winter temperatures.",,0_0
"The latest warming trend, which appears to have ended in 1998, is the result of the end of the Little Ice Age, which extended from roughly the 16th century to the 19th. During that period, Muir Glacier in Alaska filled Glacier Bay. In fact, when the first Russian explorers arrived in Alaska in the 1740s, there was no Glacier Bay just a wall of ice where the entrance would be.",,2_1
"I'd like to remind my colleagues that this resolution will likely be the vote on coal for the year so this is our one chance. Many of my Democrat colleagues have gone on record saying they want to rein in the Obama-EPA. The senior Senator from Missouri is one of them: she said back home that she is determined to hold the line on the EPA."" Does that mean she, and other Senate Democrats who have made similar statements, will vote to stop the centerpiece of Obama's war on coal?""",,0_0
"I co-authored a 2013 peer-reviewed paper which indeed concluded that ???Tornadoes have not increased in frequency, intensity or normalized damage since 1950.??",,1_7
"Again I will emphasize, some very smart people who consider themselves skeptics will disagree with some of my views stated above, particularly when it involves explanations for what has caused warming, and what has caused atmospheric CO2 to increase.",,0_0
"Said Briffa, one of their chief practitioners: I know there is pressure to present a nice tidy story as regards ""apparent unprecedented warming in a thousand years or more in the proxy data' but in reality the situation is not quite so simple. I believe that the recent warmth was probably matched about 1,000 years ago.""",,0_0
"The ISO-NE??s New England Wind Integration Study (NEWIS), published in December 2010 made clear that many favorable sites for wind development are remote from New England??s load centers and that development of these distant sites would require significant transmission development. According to NEWIS, developing 20% wind in New England would require 4,095 miles of new lines at an estimated cost of between $11 and $15 billion. Regulatory agencies have had full knowledge of the transmission constraints and costs since 2010 and yet you have made no attempt to address this issue through policy changes or course corrections. In 2013, the public is only now becoming aware that deployment of utility-scale wind generation is stressing the region??s grid, and making the management of generation sources more difficult.",,4_4
"Update - Harry Potter and the The Christopher Little Literary Agency : the plot thickens... Update 2 -  I was just interviewed by a camera crew, and will apparently be on the CBS Evening News tonight. Given the history of this very blog, I hereby pause for a moment to soak in the irony. Today's events tell me two things: One, CBS doesn't have Google. Two, this must be the slowest news day in the history of the planet, and possibly the universe.""",,0_0
"Its frustrating that a state-funded academic does not take responsibility for his statements. Unfortunately, this sort of recklessness seems to have increased rather than decreased following the inept Muir Russell.",,0_0
"Rasheed Wallace gained notoriety during his 16-season NBA career for being a hot-headed power forward. If called for a foul (or, as was often the case with him, a technical foul) that he thought was undeserved, and the opposing team missed the ensuing free-throw attempts, Wallace would often holler, ball don't lie,"" as if the basketball itself was pronouncing judgment on the ref's call.""",,0_0
"There seems no end in sight to the long-term growth of seasonal Antarctic sea ice, reports RTCC (link below). This continues to baffle scientists, to quote the usual expression.",,1_1
"Nuccitelli moves on to condemn Roy Spencer for saying, The consensus is only that humans are contributing to warming, and to announce (blind faith again) that Humans are Causing Global Warming.",,0_0
"To Gorbachev's prime minister Nikolai Ryzhkov, the moral state of the society"" in 1985 was its ""most terrifying"" feature:""",,0_0
"Atmospheric physicist and Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Meteorology at MIT, Richard Lindzen, posted an article in the fall 2013 issue of the Journal of American Physicians and Surgeons characterizing global warming as an alarmist religion. Furthermore, he accuses alarmist orthodoxy of adjusting both data and theory to accommodate politically-correct positions that are costly to society.",,5_2
"Speedy comments: Imagine what fun Brian and John would have had in the last few months if theyd been off the leash??? Maybe something like this, but only better...",,0_0
"Even if we agree that greenhouse emissions need to be reduced to save the world from global warming, subsidizing electric vehicles makes no sense.",,0_0
"They have some nice photos, maps, et al of Durrington Walls too.",,0_0
"I would be remiss is my review of the climate stories of 2011 if I failed to mention the release of another round of Climategate emails. The so-called Climategate 2.0 emails further many of the storylines that ran throughout the original Climategate releases back in November 2009?rampant gatekeeping, data hoarding, and general misbehavior.",,5_2
"More generally, AAAS essentially is the lobbying arm of the U.S. science establishment; more money is its reason d'etre. Can Rush Holt possibly believe that this is consistent with research objectivity""?""",,0_0
"The Cap-and-Trade Kids argue that, whatever the economic merits, their approach is the only one with a political chance. But why? Carbon taxes have certainly been seen as a political third rail, at least since President Bill Clinton dropped a proposed BTU tax in 1993. People don't want to have to pay more for energy. But how does cap-and-trade overcome this critique? If it's going to rein in eagerness to pollute, it will have to raise the cost of pollution. It may be possible to win support by pretending this won't happen, but it's worth thinking hard about whether such deception is a sound basis for creating a major long-term policy.",,0_0
Their conclusion also means that the climate sensitivity i.e. the expected warming obtained from doubling of CO2 from 280 ppm (in 1800) to 560 ppm (in 2100) is actually smaller than the bare value of 1.2 ??C. It could be close to 0.5 ??C which would mean that no additional warming from CO2 is expected by 2100.,,3_1
"Don Easterbrook, writing on Watts Up With That , shows a graph of a Greenland ice core derived temperatures for the last 10,000 years, which shows that the majority of that period was warmer than today (2010 ranks about 9000th):",,2_1
"If you want a laugh I recommend reading the Resilience Of England?s Transport Systems In Winter, an interim report by the DfT published last July. It is shockingly complacent. Rather than look for solutions to snow-induced gridlock the authors seem intent on avoiding the issue. The Met Office assured them ?the effect of climate change is to gradually but steadily reduce the probability of severe winters in the UK?.",,0_0
"Natural gas is the preferred backup for wind (and solar) energy because, as in the burger example, its production can more easily be increased and decreased to follow the needed outputeven though it operates most efficiently at a consistent level. Coal-fueled electricity generation cannot be simply turned up and down.",,0_0
"In summary, r CO 2 and the other vxthusgaserna a p-term serious problem whatsoever br solved in the nearest 50-100 clean. It is safe is an important and exciting main task for future generations. Today there is hardly some reason for serious concern. What we bst can do is to encourage better science education and more incentives for basic research and development of less harmful energy. What that are needed are creative ideas mainly in energy research. What we dremot be frska avoid r vr time klimatkolportrer and Cassandraprofeter, uppmrksammade in the s effective but dessvrre non nogrknade media.",,0_0
A reporter for a national newspaper covering the reaction to the stolen Heartland Institute documents asked me:,,0_0
AGU 2014: Quantifying the Mismatch between Climate Projections and Observations,,5_1
"On rainfall, there is almost always one model that is right because there are so many models and they all say different things.",,5_1
"In a short space I won't have time to cover more than a representative selection of Abraham's errors. Let's begin, though, with the question of sources.",,0_0
13. Costa Rica - Agreement Regarding a Debt-for-Nature Swap Program Under the US Tropical Forest Conservation Act,,0_0
"There has been warming at the edge of the continent including where Wilkins Ice Sheet recently collapsed. The collapse could be due to global warming , oceanic volcanoes , and/or from internal stresses associated with the accumulation of ice in the bay.",,0_0
"For the scenario with lower -than-typically-assumed increases in CO 2 emissions and air temperature, the NEP of the globe increased from a positive (carbon-sequestering) value of 0.8 Pg C yr -1 in 1990 to 1.3 Pg C yr -1 in 2100, for a rate increase of 62% over the 110-year period. For typically -assumed increases in CO 2 and temperature, corresponding NEP values were 0.8 and 2.6 Pg C yr -1 , yielding a rate increase of 225%. And for higher -than-typically-assumed increases in CO 2 and temperature, NEP values of 0.8 and 3.4 Pg C yr -1 were obtained, for a rate increase of 325%. What it means",,3_3
"If the science were as certain as climate activists pretend, then there would be precisely one climate model, and it would be in agreement with measured data. As it happens, climate modelers have constructed literally dozens of climate models. What they all have in common is a failure to represent reality, and a failure to agree with the other models. As the models have increasingly diverged from the data, the climate clique have nevertheless grown increasingly confidentfrom cocky in 2001 (66% certainty in IPCCs Third Assessment Report) to downright arrogant in 2013 (95% certainty in the Fifth Assessment Report).",,5_1
"ScottishPower and Shell appeared to be the frontrunners, spending about 20m on research into converting the coal-fired Longannet power station in Fife to collect the carbon dioxide emitted.",,0_0
"Use of Word Sustainable"" Reaches Unsustainable Levels.""",,0_0
A TRF reader who may be described as an achieved physicist and whose name can be found if you study the recent comments carefully has brought us some amazing details about the Higgs rumor at the Tevatron.,,0_0
"The Light Brigade is the first serious effort to provide balance to the forward on climate"" rally.""",,0_0
"Assuming climate change is a serious problem that can be helped by carbon regulation, a policy like Cap and Trade could reduce GDP and employment and still be a good idea. The idea behind carbon regulation is that emitters of carbon are imposing a negative externality on others by furthering climate change. Cap and Trade or a carbon tax is intended to internalize"" those costs to the actor, leading him only to pollute when that benefits society as a whole -- and therefore to produce less in the aggregate.""",,0_0
"As the atmospheric CO 2 concentration increases, it is likely that wheat plants will begin to reap benefits from this phenomenon almost immediately after seedling emergence. Rising CO 2 levels should increase cell division and elongation, thus spurring leaf expansion and biomass production to a greater degree than what is occurring under today's ambient CO 2 concentration. Thus, it is likely that these collective responses will result in larger plants, which should also produce greater harvestable yields, as the CO 2 content of the air continues to rise.",,3_3
Neutron Monitors. Ground-based neutron monitors detect variations in the approximately 500 Mev to 20 GeV portion of the primary cosmic ray spectrum.,,0_0
"With regards to climate science, IMO the key issue regarding academic freedom is this: no scientist should have to fall on their sword to follow the science where they see it leading or to challenge the consensus. I?ve fallen on my dagger (not the full sword), in that my challenge to the consensus has precluded any further professional recognition and a career as a university administrator. That said, I have tenure, and am senior enough to be able retire if things genuinely were to get awful for me. I am very very worried about younger scientists, and I hear from a number of them that have these concerns.",,0_0
"Lets also be quite clear that science does not work by way of consensus. Science does not progress by appeal to authority; in fact, major scientific advances usually come from outside the consensus; one can cite many classic examples, from Galileo to Einstein. In other words, the very notion of a scientific consensus is unscientific.",,0_0
"It is surprising to see large parts of the scientific community including academies of sciences embracing a hypothesis of global warming from atmospheric CO2, without any convincing scientific support. It appears that the mere mentioning of Stefan-Boltzmann's Radiation Law has been enough to annihilate any further demands of scientific evidence.",,0_0
"In some American and European quarters, this globalization of NATO has led some observers to assert rather boldly that NATO's next move must be to open its membership to any democratic state in the world that is willing and able to contribute to the fulfillment of NATO's new responsibilities.""37 But to add four or five global partners is one thing, to add the 88 countries recognized as democracies by Freedom House is quite another. The necessary, if not sufficient, condition for turning NATO into a UN of democracies would be to change the flawed images of the UN and NATO that European publics currently have. That said, this long-term scenario of NATO as a UN of democracies cannot be ruled out given the ongoing deconstruction of the Tower of Babble by China and the OIC.""",,0_0
"names(santer)=c(item,layer,trend,se,sd,r1,neff)",,0_0
"They certainly are, writes Lewis Page in the Register . If it is the case that actually the climate has often been warmer without any significant CO2 emissions having taken place suggesting that CO2 emissions simply arent that important the case for huge efforts to cut those emissions largely disappears.",,2_1
"Thanks, Ben. But I must admit no one looks good on tv!",,0_0
"What rather matters is how much of this is wild fire and how much is agricultural fire. Indur Goklanys work looked specifically at biofuels, so related to man-made air pollution. From the actual Jacobsen paper its clear that this is mostly thought to be man-made fires:",,0_0
"The domestic coal industry has already taken a beating. The advent of cheap natural gas, which is itself creating thousands of new jobs, is one of the culprits. Another is the Obama administration. Even as Obama's EPA quietly develops new regulations on hydraulic fracturing (fracking"") that will impede the natural gas boom, it wants to further appease environmentalists by delivering a coup de grace to domestic coal use. It is a silly idea that will ultimately have no environmental benefit, but it is sure to drive up electricity costs.""",,4_1
Figure 2 High Resolution Bathymetry of Southern Lake Michigan (GLRP),,0_0
"The people most likely to suffer as a result of the contemporary aversion to growth are the billions of people who live in the developing world. Despite the rapid growth of China and India in recent years, about a billion people still live on less than $1 a day. About 2.6 billion people live on less than a $2 daily threshold.",,0_0
"Here's a great example. From the report - millions to go hungry, waterless"" - you'd think that the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change had found that global warming was intensifying.""",,0_0
"The first group of thunderstorms are now passing through western Washington and more are coming tonight. The left panel below shows the 11 AM radar, the heaviest showers are west of the Sound, with some fairly heavy (yellow colors). An infrared satellite image shows the area of clouds associated with an upper level trough, with recent lightning shown by the red crosses.",,0_0
"25 Edward Luttwak, The Political Uses of Seapower, 1975; Ken Booth, Law, Force and Diplomacy at Sea, 1977, and, Navies and Foreign Policy, 1978; James Cable, Gunboat Diplomacy, 19191989, 1998, and Norman Friedman, Seapower as Strategy: Navies and National Interests, 2001.",,0_0
"Finally, some appeasement conservatives seem to think that agreeing to a carbon tax will let them shed the climate denier label that has dogged them in the past. But theyre engaging in wishful thinking. Conservatives will not be able to take the climate issue off the table with a carbon tax, because efficient taxation of carbon emissions is not what environmentalists actually want.",,0_0
"Climate warming continues, but its taking a break. The reasons for that, among others, are the temporary weak solar irradiance and phenomena such as La Nia.",,1_4
Here are three more things that won't happen in 2015.,,0_0
"17) How Important Is ?Scientific Consensus? in Climate Research? In the case of global warming, it is nearly worthless. The climate system is so complex that the vast majority of climate scientists ? usually experts in variety of specialized fields ? assume there are more knowledgeable scientists, and they are just supporting the opinions of their colleagues. And among that small group of most knowledgeable experts, there is a considerable element of groupthink, herd mentality, peer pressure, political pressure, support of certain energy policies, and desire to Save the Earth ? whether it needs to be saved or not.",,0_0
"Jan Brewer Jumps the Shark, Slides into Outright Prejudice",,0_0
Los Angeles City Councilwoman Janice Hahn (D) continues to pick up key endorsements in the special election race for former Rep. Jane Harman's (D-Calif.) seat.,,0_0
"??? The Fox Basin encompasses the northern end of the Hudson Bay. In 1996 studies estimated the bear population to be 2119 and then was raised to 2300 bears in 2004. The results from a recent aerial survey published in 2012 now estimate that the Fox Basin embraces about 2580 bears. Instead of listing this population as increasing, or at least stable, Derochers PBSG hid their thriving population with an odd data deficient designation.",,3_2
"the very real threat of the approaching and inevitable Ice Age, which will render large parts of the Northern Hemisphere uninhabitable, is being foolishly ignored.",,1_2
Many thanks for your paper and congratulations for reviving the global warming.,,0_0
"In assessing the legal sufficiency of the Dutch government's climate policies, a court might be expected to look to previous cases, if not the settled laws of the Netherlands. Instead, the court offers a long series of policy conclusions including, for example: the costs of the measures ordered by the court are not unacceptably high,"" ""as a developed country the Netherlands should take the lead,"" and ""it evident that the State has insufficient financial means to realize higher reduction measures."" And just for good measure, the court declares that it ""adopts an evolutive approach,"" meaning ""the Court is not bound by its previous decisions"" because ""the interpretation of the rights and freedoms is not fixed but can take account of the social context and changes in society.""",,0_0
"Europe can and should produce more of its own oil and gas. It has vast petroleum potential waiting to be tapped via fracking. Opposition to producing this petroleum is no more ethical than environmentalist demands that the United States keep its own enormous untapped petroleum supplies locked up, while we deplete other countries' assets and put their wildlife habitats at risk from production-related accidents.",,0_0
"Claims that weather forecasts are reasonably accurate up to 48 hours are based on measured results for fair weather. Results for severe weather, which are really what is important for people, are very poor. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has a worse record for both. Every prediction/projection since their first Report in 1990 has been wrong, with claims for more severe weather part of that failure. They fail because of fundamental errors in assumptions and mechanics.",,5_1
Alexis de Tocqueville InstitutionAmericans for Tax ReformAmerican Legislative Exchange CouncilAmerican Policy CenterAssociation of Concerned TaxpayersCenter for Security PolicyCitizens for a Sound EconomyCitizens for the Integrity of ScienceCommittee for a Constructive TomorrowCompetitive Enterprise InstituteConsumer AlertDefenders of Property RightsFrontiers of FreedomGeorge C. Marshall InstituteHeartland InstituteIndependent InstituteNational Center for Policy AnalysisNational Center for Public Policy ResearchPacific Research InstituteSeniors Coalition60 PlusSmall Business Survival CommitteeThe Advancement of Sound Science CoalitionThe Heritage Foundation,,0_0
Read here . The vast majority of new scientific research continues to document that the modern era's warming barely rivals what was experienced during the Medieval Period.,,2_1
realities and the charge popular among the president's political opponents that he views America as a declining power.,,0_0
"The statement that Nature doesn't give a damn about the random distribution of some papers written by a particular group of humans should be obvious and understandable. But I want to make one more related point. Even if the LHC found and confirmed one of the new sub-TeV models physics, it wouldn't mean that Nature would join the hep-ph consensus. Why? Because there's simply no consensus among the models on the hep-ph arXiv to start with. The models are inequivalent so they disagree with each other.",,5_1
"There are currently huge amounts of money in energy attracted there primarily by the presence of Kyoto-style regulation. That money, however, is not to the benefit of the energy consumer and may well damage the development of emissions-reducing technology in the future. It would be best for government to step out and let energy provision develop naturally, in response to the pull of the market. If people are genuinely concerned about global warming, as the polls tell us they are, then that worry will affect their behavior in the market. Kyoto advocates who tell us they do not trust the market, in fact do not trust the people. When the bubble bursts, we will see how wise that choice was.",,0_0
"Son, it gets worse. There was a film - a Danish film called Expedition To The End Of The World . It got reviewed very favourably in Salon . That was the moment when I knew for me that the Great Climate War was over. Frankly it made me feel like a rank amateur.",,0_0
"J. Scott Armstrong is a professor at the University of Pennsylvania, editor of Principles of Forecasting"" (Springer, 2001), a founder of the International Journal of Forecasting and the Journal of Forecasting, author of ""Long-Range Forecasting"" (Wiley-Interscience, 1985), and founder of ForecastingPrinciples.com.""",,0_0
"While Americans struggle to pay higher gas prices, the Senate left for its August recess after refusing to take votes on two outstanding bills passed by the House of Representatives that would significantly increase domestic oil and natural gas production. Instead, the Senate pretended to do something by voting to open a tiny area of the Gulf of Mexico to explorationan area currently under a moratorium that expires next year.",,0_0
"I??ve pointed out before that Ammann and Wahl??s submission to GRL was rejected and was only taken out of the garbage can after they got the editor replaced. (Compare the silence on this to the hysteria about Soon and Baliunas at Climate Research.) It is disquieting in the extreme that a corporation, like the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research, should issue a press release announcing the submission of an article and then not announce the rejection. That would be a breach of securities laws requiring ongoing full disclosure for Canadian mining promotions, but seemingly not in climate research. It??s amazing the number of references that were immediately made to the UCAR press release to the U.S. Congress. I formally complained to Richard Anthes, President of UCAR about their handling of the Ammann press release and got a very unsatisfactory reply, but that??s another story.",,5_2
"The Clinton administration played a role in the negotiation of the Kyoto Protocol in 1997, but the former President refused to submit the treaty for approval by the Senate. The policy of the Bush Administration to continue to participate in negotiations under the UN's Framework Convention, but not to submit the Kyoto Protocol to the Senate is consistent with the Clinton record on climate change policy.",,0_0
"THE Australian Bureau of Meteorology and the Australian National University will spend $30 million on two new supercomputers that will more accurately predict cyclones, tsunamis and the effects of climate change. Read more here .",,0_0
"13 But the tax collector stood at a distance. He would not even look up to heaven, but beat his breast and said, `God, have mercy on me, a sinner.",,0_0
"We should provide a word of caution about the optimal case. It is not presented in the belief that an environmental czar will suddenly appear to promulgate infallible canons of policy that will be religiously followed by all. Rather, the optimal policy is a benchmark to determine how efficient or inefficient alternative approaches may be. This is the best possible policy path for emissions reductions, given the economic, technological, and geophysical constraints that we have estimated.",,0_0
"Dig a bit deeper, and it is obvious that voters are tired of the partisan bickering and ideologically driven rancorthey want problems solved in Washington, not yelling or posturing or revenge killing that only results in gridlock. The latter is what they see coming out of Congress.",,0_0
"Fonte warns against the globalista"" technique of international norm setting, whereby self-selected, transnational elites fashion rules of conduct through multilateral negotiations, which are then carried down to the nation-state level to be rubber-stamped by pliant parliaments. This model is actually not far from current European Union (E.U.) governance practices. U.K. Prime Ministers Gordon Brown and David Cameron, for example, have both estimated that approximately 50% of significant parliamentary actions involving economic policy simply ratify, without possibility of amending or rejecting, what E.U. bureaucrats or diplomats in Brussels have already decided.""",,0_0
The Worst Economic Recovery Since The Great Depression,,0_0
"Most resolutions, says the Journal, ""ask corporations to disclose estimated greenhouse gas emissions from their operations, as well as the products they make, and ask for an assessment of the costs of reducing those levels."" One resolution that targets Exxon Mobil Corporation, demands that it separate the positions of chief executive and chairman, saying that Exxon Mobil's CEO and Chairman, Lee Raymond, is endangering shareholder value by his stance on global warming.""",,0_0
Donna Laframboise details how the WWF infiltrated the UK Met. Office . We live in serious times but without serious leaders. What could possibly go wrong?,,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Adjunct Fellow Steven Milloy on the opposition from environmental groups:,,0_0
"So at the end of the first exchange, we have no explanation of why there was no assessment of the quality of CRU's science.",,5_1
"PRINCETON, NJ -- Although a majority of Americans believe the seriousness of global warming is either correctly portrayed in the news or underestimated, a record-high 41% now say it is exaggerated. This represents the highest level of public skepticism about mainstream reporting on global warming seen in more than a decade of Gallup polling on the subject.",,0_0
"Laurie Hawn, Conservative Candidate in Edmonton Centre, has filed a complaint with the Commissioner of Elections Canada after massive voter list irregularities were uncovered by his campaign. For some time, there have been rumors of election irregularities in Edmonton Centre. At an all candidates meeting with Elections Canada on January 4, 2006, it was revealed that two buildings had been struck from the electoral rolls because they were not residences. In reality, these buildings were both mailbox stores. Several days later, the Laurie Hawn campaign identified a third non-residence building which sells mail boxes and reported it to Elections Canada.",,0_0
"Today, we are facing rising carbon dioxide contents in the atmosphere through human activities, and the amount of oxygen in the ocean may drop correspondingly in the face of rising seawater temperatures, Lyons said. Oxygen is less soluble in warmer water, and there are already suggestions of such decreases. In the face of these concerns, our findings from the warm, oxygen-poor ancient ocean may be a warning shot about yet another possible perturbation to marine ecology in the future.",,0_0
"The Will County Board voted Thursday to hire former state Rep. Brent Hassert to lobby the Legislature for a quick take"" bill.""",,0_0
"I am almost"" definitely convinced and I would think that if one includes all the tantalizing properties of the three events into the background-plus-WIMP hypothesis, the probability that they will agree assuming just the background will be way lower than 0.2%. We have three candidates each of which optically seems to be 3 sigmas beneath the ""background cloud"" and all of them sit on a hyperbola within 5 percent, with no other events differing both from the background and the hyperbola. I think that this happening by chance is really over 10 sigma.""",,0_0
"On the other hand, fault can certainly be found in the manner of editing that the White House reportedly engaged in. While it had a responsibility to use this report to articulate administration policy, there was certainly no need to suppress discussion of credible scientific reportsparticularly a report that had been conducted by a blue-ribbon panel at the president's requestin order to do so. Regardless of what agency published the report, one thing is clear: it was a lost opportunity to examine the state of the science, economics, and public policy questions related to global climate change. And a look at what was not discussed reveals how constructive a review of the data could have been.",,0_0
"As a part of this shift, watch for environmental activists to be more aggressive on the state levelpushing for increased mandates for renewables and more regulation and/or bans on hydraulic fracturing.",,0_0
"The examples of rigidly enforced conformity could fill several volumes, and no amount of criticism from outside the environmental citadel is likely to break though the walls. So, is there any chance that reform will come from within?",,0_0
Professional alarmist Tim Flannery whips up more fear by exploiting bushfires which he falsely claims were unusual and unprecedented:,,1_7
"I repeat, for the sake of clarity that the entire carrier tnkt as an illustration of the chemical kinetic principles and uppfrande, with koldioxidomsttningens kontroversersom background association.",,0_0
So to say there is a consensus about some global warming is true; to say there is a consensus about dangerous global warming is false.,,5_1
The past week has been insane. Among the things on my plate:,,0_0
"In general plant growth and consequently the amount of carbon plants store increased in the Northern Hemisphere and decreased in the Southern Hemisphere. The difference, say Zhou and Running, is water. Three things limit plant growth: light, water, and temperature. In the Northern Hemisphere, warmer temperatures and a longer growing season allowed plants to grow more. But in the Southern Hemisphere, drought dominated the decade. Higher temperatures dried plants and soil, generally slowing growth. The attached graphs illustrate the direct relationship between drought and the amount of carbon plants absorbed between 2000 and 2009.",,0_0
Human produced carbon dioxide is unlikely to cause dangerous climate change in the foreseeable future.,,0_0
"JC comment: unfortunately the same is not true of climate modelers. They only receive useful feedback on decadal time scales, but even with this feedback, they dont seem to see the need for recalibration. The following seems to explain why.",,5_1
the urbanization effect has been removed as well as possible by statistical,,0_0
"Regardless, for progressives such as Dewey, with the ultimate end the ultimate given, the means only needs to be deemed scientific for it to be justified. From this, it can be reasoned that progressives may willingly accept any means justified by science ( eugenics anyone? ). 4",,0_0
"* Recent warming trends in Greenland and the Arctic are not alarming in rate or magnitude compared to other similar and totally natural warming periods over the past 250 to 10,000 years, as recorded in explorers' log books and geological evidence.",,2_1
"Whether short or long-term, the state-of-the-art empirical satellite evidence is not only obvious, it is both climate and statistically significant: CO2 emissions have not had a significant influence (warming or cooling) on atmospheric temperatures. For objective science, this means that the CO2-centric anthropogenic global warming hypothesis is essentially invalidated, as it is currently understood . (1) Study . Scientists involved: Ben D. Santer, C. Mears, C. Doutriaux, P. Caldwell, P. J. Gleckler, Tim M. L. Wigley, Susan Solomon, N. P. Gillett, D. Ivanova, Tom R. Karl, J. R. Lanzante, G. A. Meehl, P. A. Stott, K. E. Taylor, P. W. Thorne, M. F. Wehner, F. J. Wentz",,2_3
"The Obama administration has concluded that Chinese firms are helping Iran to improve its missile technology and develop nuclear weapons, and has asked China to stop such activity, a senior U.S. official said.",,0_0
Take for example the whole debate about homosexuality as a sin.,,0_0
"But if governments and social engineers are not to plan and direct how and where people will go about the economic affairs of everyday life, how can it be assured that the goods and services that people both need and want for their survival and desires will be produced and supplied to meet their demands?",,0_0
"The $800 per-household expenditure is merely the cost of building the transmission lines. Wind power is more expensive to produce than conventional power sources, so Texas consumers will also pay electricity premiums every year.",,4_4
"Anti-Lobbyist' Obama Administration Recruited Left-Wing Lobbyists to Sell Bogus Green Jobs'""",,5_2
"Are these uncertainty intervals adequate? Not entirely. After all, I neglected autocorrelation in the residuals, non linearity and all sorts of things. Autocorrelation in the residuals is 5%. I set it to zero, but it may be real. If it is, then I should have added that possibility to computation of my uncertainty intervals. Also, maybe the trend is non-linear, or maybe something important changed after the final data point.",,0_0
"But I digress in short, when I wrote pieces on the climate, I refused to write on the theory that chlorofluorocarbons were the sole cause of worldwide warming because that had never been proved. Now, though there was evidence that the use of aerosols were clearly evident in the upper atmosphere; the data did not support that this was the cause of the fear-mongering on ozone holes which was all the rage in the climate community of the late 1980s and 1990s.",,0_0
"I started to develop my own method to explore this utterly strange world, Bao said. Now, it seems that our LSU group is the one offering the strongest supporting evidence for a Snowball Earth back 635 million years ago. I certainly did not see this coming. The finding we published in 2008 demonstrates, again, that new scientific breakthroughs are often brought in by outsiders.",,0_0
An article at the Live Science website says that we sceptics are putting far too much emphasis on the current high levels of Antarctic sea ice. The title is a bit of a straw man:,,0_0
"Here . Update : In a related post, Al Fin writes : Can you imagine? The rain forests keep losing the same 150 million ha of rainforest every ten years!...The clueless mainstream media continues to barrage a hapless public with disaster stories of rain forest devastation accompanied by catastrophic human-caused global warming.",,5_2
"Will that nuclear-construction renaissance happen? Although no company has opened a new nuclear power plant on American soil in 30 years, at first glance, there are good reasons to believe in a resurgence. Ten companies, including Constellation Energy, Duke Energy, EDF International, Entergy, Exelon, FPL, Progress Energy, SCANA, Southern Company, and the Tennessee Valley Authority, have teamed up with reactor manufacturers GE Energy and Westinghouse in a consortium called NuStart to support efforts to build and operate new nukes. More than a dozen companies, including NuStart members, have either filed or signaled their intent to file for new generation permits at sites from Louisiana to Maryland.",,0_0
"We felt it was time to pull together a large sample of recent studies from the last five to 10 years and look for patterns of variability and change, said Willie Soon, an astronomer at the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics.""",,0_0
"A sound energy policy will permit us to harness energy from areas both offshore and in Alaska. It will ensure the rapid expansion of nuclear energy. It will not force us to subsidize unproductive sources of power, but rather expand research and development toward discovering genuine alternative energy solutions. We need to decouple our energy policy away from the global warming issue, and instead focus instead on ensuring we have enough energy to meet our needs and thereby continue to be a source of innovation and prosperity for the rest of the world.",,0_0
"So let me describe the weather on election day and predict who will win the presidential election. Hey...if we can forecast a rare storm like Sandy, an election should be child's play.",,0_0
"Much like other anti-Semites, he would claim that he wasn't one he was just an anti-Zionist, everyone was told. Good try but my suspicion isn't quite gone (although I made a different conclusion 5 years ago).",,0_0
"Methinks the good doctor needs to stop worrying which team he is on and look at the paper. Even more importantly than the infilling, proper characterization of autocorrelation powerfully affects the screening of Enzyte accredited series, as this post demonstrates .",,0_0
"It isa scandal, as by shouting out (in the example above) against homosexuality, priests and Christians of all kinds of denominations are actively trying to deny other people the possibility of Salvation.",,0_0
"According to the French financial daily Les Echos, France, the birthplace of the Paris climate agreement, is planning to scrap a tax on carbon dioxide emissions it had announced earlier in 2016. Sources within France's socialist government said it would not include the carbon tax in the budget update it is drafting.",,0_0
"Thus, the photo-op still happened. The Washington Independent reported that, espite steady, driving rain,"" the Lafayette Park protest was ""more than twice as large as the February 27 protests at the same site."" Well over 1,000 people attended (however, the event ended early when some rogue protester lobbed a few tea bags onto the White House lawn, which sent the Secret Service scrambling).""",,0_0
The Maunder Minimum was a period of intensely cold winters during the 1600?s. If Lockwood and his colleagues are right this is yet another indicator that points towards global cooling. Although the effects of the jet stream are predominantly felt in Europe the overall temperature drops caused by a cessation of activity on the Sun will be felt across the Northern Hemisphere.,,1_2
"In my absence, here is an open thread for any climate and energy news today.",,0_0
"Nashville, Tennessee arrived from google.com on GORE LIED Al Gore lied about anthropogenic global warming by searching for onion al gore supreme court .",,0_0
Well! I guess there's something to be said for predictability!,,0_0
"Why should you be interested? Sea surface temperature records indicate El Nio and La Nia events are responsible for the warming of global sea surface temperature anomalies over the past 30 years, not manmade greenhouse gases. Ive searched sea surface temperature records for more than 4 years, and I can find no evidence of an anthropogenic greenhouse gas signal. That is, the warming of the global oceans has been caused by Mother Nature, not anthropogenic greenhouse gases.",,2_1
"If by some miracle such a scheme was implemented, pressure to decouple the revenue neutrality and raise the tax would be immediate. This has happened in Alberta (which has a hybrid tax/trade system), where environmentalists are calling for the tax to be hiked, and British Columbia, which did implement something close to the ideal revenue neutral carbon tax. There too, in the most recent election, environmental groups were pushing to hike the tax and de-couple it from revenue neutrality to spend on pet projects.",,0_0
What is unusual is that were in a state where the Arctic does NOT completely melt during an interglacial. We can only get an interglacial when it is warm enough to melt the arctic ice. This time we barely got it done. (Look up your Milankovitch for confirmation).,,1_1
The allegedly sustainable energy sources championed by the Presidentare not self-sustaining. The main reason isthat theyare inferior to fossil fuels in terms of energy density ( bang for buck ) and in the case of wind and solar power reliability and dispatchability .,,0_0
"Sounds of people moving in apartment = break the door down, no warrant needed. This is just a joke, though I must also say the drug war has already gutted any number of Constitutional protections, so its not surprising to see yet another blow to liberty in the name of rounding up anyone who might be smoking a joint. (more here )",,0_0
"26 Therefore if the uncircumcision keep the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be counted for circumcision?",,0_0
"Fortunately, McKibben is wrong. Acting on his arguments against fracking would actually cause the United States to increase greatly its output of carbon dioxide, which would be the opposite of what environmentalists say they want.",,0_0
Is he somehow expecting duck hunters to reverse the massive psychological damage being done by the looney left to the youth of America?,,0_0
scientists are putting the growth acceleration down to rising temperatures and the extended growing season. Carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and nitrogen are other factors contributing to the faster growth.??,,3_3
"The Asia-Pacific treaty occupies that field until something more attractive comes along for the 155 nations that have rejected Kyoto's cuts. Finally, it is Kyoto's death knell to all but the most intransigent because it accomplishes what Kyoto failed to do: It brings together the top emitters, prominently including the two major advanced economies (Australia and the United States) that refused to ratify and the two major developing economies that did ratify, but on the condition that they be exempt from any rationing (China and India).",,0_0
Two-Point-Eight-Trillion-Anything Is Scary,,0_0
Here . Excerpt: All these well-meaning (if misguided) wannabe critter-savers are being discouraged or are misdirecting their efforts because no one has explained the difference between reality and PlayStation climatology. We do not know and probably never will know what the climate will be in 30 years time. All we really know is that there is an equal chance next year will be either warmer or cooler. We have no evidence of accelerating sea level rise. We have no knowledge of impending disaster or temperature-related catastrophe. What a waste of everyones time and effort.,,5_1
"Of course, if natural multidecadal ocean oscillations can explain the 'pause,' why can't they also explain much of the cause of global warming during the 80's-90's? The authors also describe a potential mechanism that could be the natural driver of multidecadal ocean oscillations, finding robust negative correlation between the AMOC and North Atlantic deep-ocean density with density lagging the AMOC by 5 to 11 yr in most models. While this would in principle allow for a self-sustained oscillatory behavior of the coupled AMOCdeep-ocean system."" In addition, many other papers have described solar and lunar tidal forcing of ocean oscillations as well.""",,2_1
"Which is why the mere fact that we find ourselves becoming one of the world's largest producers of oil and natural gas is only part of the story. The current advantages are obvious: tens of thousands of jobs in the oil and gas industry, much needed given the unsatisfactory condition of the jobs market; enough domestic oil production to ease concerns about sudden supply cut-offs; enough natural gas to attract some foreign and domestic factories to our shores, and to out-compete more carbon-intensive coal as a fuel in electricity generation. The longer-run advantages of our new-found abundance are also obvious: exports of oil and gas to reduce our trade deficit, and enough natural gas sent from purpose-built terminals to ease Europe's dependence on Russia.",,4_5
Reagan was of course reelected in 1984 and is remembered as one of the great tax-cutters in American history.,,0_0
"Turning control of the Internet over to an agency staffed by UN bureaucrats would a disastrous mistake. Imagine a world where the rules for what's permissible to say and do online are written by diplomats appointed by Robert Mugabe, Fidel Castro and the Chinese Communist party.",,0_0
"Bangladesh Cyclone 02B, April 1991. Another cyclone struck the Chittagong region in Bangladesh in 1991 killing over 138,000 people and causing damage in excess of 1.5 billion dollars. The tropical cyclone devastated the coastal area southeast of Dacca with winds in excess of 130kts and a 20 foot storm surge.",,0_0
"Doran and Zimmerman (2009) Examining the Scientific Consensus on Climate Change, Eos, VOLUME 90 NUMBER 3 20 JANUARY 2009",,0_0
Wilkins runway construction and maintenance Australian Antarctic ...,,0_0
Climate Craziness of the Week: sea life must swim faster to survive climate change,,0_0
George Stephanopholus An Impartial Newscaster For Over 20 Years,,0_0
"animals are cooler than theirs). His answer (and it applies to far more fields than science) is""",,0_0
"On the surface, de Boer's rethink is welcome, but it is actually an example of green imperialism. Developing nations must be allowed to develop, and this laudable goal of the original Kyoto agreement must not be forgotten. Taken literally, de Boer's suggestion forces the developing world into environmental welfare dependency, remaining poor to keep the world's emissions low.",,0_0
"This would explain why sea ice around Antarctica has been growing, reaching the greatest-ever recorded extent in 2010, it suggested.",,1_1
"In conducting their experiments, the three researchers determined that primary polyp growth was reduced only marginally by more acidic seawater,"" but they state that ""the combined effect of high temperature and lowered pH caused a significant reduction in growth of primary polyps by almost a third."" Nevertheless, they report that ""survival and settlement of planula larvae were unaffected by increased temperature, lowered acidity or the combination of both.""",,3_2
"Meanwhile, as the nation turned its attention to the upcoming presidential election, the GOP, which prides itself as the party of ideas,"" was losing its identity from an ideological standpoint.""",,0_0
"One also has to question sea level rise due to thermal expansion. Ocean heat content does not seem to be rising. As far as measuring sea level rise, it is an extremely complex affair that is fraught with vast uncertainty. Id also be very suspicious of anyone claiming they can measure sea levels to the millimetre. Its hard enough to do it in inches. Thats why sea level projections among experts range so widely. Of course, that allows a lot of flexibility when drawing conclusions.",,5_1
"For the second straight year the Northern Hemisphere is experiencing unseasonably cold winters. Deaths are being blamed on the bitter subfreezing temperatures, and meanwhile, scientists are attempting to explain why the freeze is occurring. Climate scientists are suggesting that the cold winters, characterized by the influx of freezing Arctic air, are paradoxically related to global warming. How is this possible?",,1_3
"Regardless of your position on any policy issue, the right to voice your opinion is a unique and fundamental element of American democracy. But today, Americans' right to free speech is under attack by government officials.",,0_0
"Japan (#5), wants to keep open its options to burn more fossil fuels since the nuclear disaster at Fukushima.",,0_0
"On the face of it, since Belinda said the reason Australian cities are warmer than the countryside is urbanisation, this work weakens the case for disastrous future warming caused by humanity. But it is a conditional conclusion which depends on the actual quantity of warming caused by the UHI effect.",,5_1
"All of the environmental kvetching about not getting our message out"" and being outgunned by the relatively tiny climate skeptic community is a museum quality example of Winston Churchill's definition of a fanatic as someone who can't change their mind and won't change the subject. Of course, one thing the failure of the climate campaign means is full employment for the climate campaigners, which is mighty nice for people like EDF's Krupp (2009 compensation: $496,000). One disgruntled liberal philanthropist recently confided to me that if the leaders of the big green groups were subject to any reasonable standard of accountability, they'd all be fired.""",,0_0
"Abraham says I displayed two graphs, both citing NOAA as the source, showing the downward global mean surface temperature trend since 2001, but by an elaborate point-by-point comparison he shows that the two graphs are slightly different from one another. Why, he asks, can't I even make sure that my own data agree with themselves? His implication is that presenting temperature data is something that laymen really can't be expected to get right.",,0_0
"Like the cloud trails seen in the Wilson cloud chamber, cosmic ray ionization trails in our atmosphere can act as cloud seeds. Some studies suggest that ions play a central role in creating aerosols. Aerosols are minute but important atmospheric particles that can serve as the cores of growing cloud droplets. Aerosols can cause clouds to form in the upper atmosphere, after the particles collide with other atmospheric particles in the troposphere and conglomerate into larger particles.",,0_0
IPCC cites robust source: green activist organisation WWF.,,5_2
"These apocalyptic events are so tiring that there is a great temptation to adopt the method of an ancient Chinese Emperor who would generously pay for predictions, but if they would not come true, would have the fortune tellers and their families executed.",,0_0
"So, this explains why the People's Climate March was dominated by crazies and political leftists. The mainstream media mostly avoided coverage of the event. Maybe they realized how embarrassing the march would be for the more rational elements of the environmental movement.",,5_2
"This is inconsistent with abundant other evidence including that which is presented in the report itself. Only one reef area of the 8 featured in the report showed a 2-fold increase and that area had the lowest level to begin and lowest difference between fished and unfished reefs. In 5 of the 8 areas featured in the report the protected reefs actually showed a decline in coral trout numbers. On fished reefs, three areas showed increases in biomass while 5 showed declines. This is hardly the extraordinary 2-fold increase in protected areas being bannered.",,0_0
"Best regards, and thanks for all the fish, including the salmon that got away ...",,0_0
The AFL-CIO Sasses President Obama on Twitter:,,0_0
"Christopher Booker discusses the implications in: Climategate, the sequel: How we are STILL being tricked with flawed data on global warming .",,5_2
of messy ground wars and lengthy occupations that have drained America's treasury and spirit for the past decades.,,0_0
7 hours ago To use the HotCopper site you must agree to the HotCopper Terms of Use below and the HotCopper User Code of Conduct at ...,,0_0
Life on Earth will look dramatically different by mid-century,,0_0
"Conscience is not a passive barrier but an active force; though it can hold us back, it can also drive us on. Moreover, conscience comes not from without but from within: though culture can trim the fringes, the core cannot be changed. The reason things get worse so fast must somehow lie not in the weakness of conscience but in its strength, not in its shapelessness but in its shape.",,0_0
"After reading the SPPI post on the issue, a Mr. Dodd also notified Scholastic Books, the publisher. This was part of the email reply:",,0_0
Over the last decade opinion polls have shown steadily rising public support for nuclear power in the United States following two decades of strong public opposition. The aftermath of the Japanese nuclear crisis will reveal how robust this shift is.,,0_0
About 26 in there is a comment about spectral radiance changes and that the models may have a wrong sign on solar forcing variation.,,5_1
"As usual, he has cooled the past and warmed the present. Hansen has created a 0.15C additional warming between 1910 and 2012, which didnt exist in the February 20, 2012 version of the same file.",,5_1
"Andrew Morriss holds the D. Paul Jones, Jr. and Charlene A. Jones Chair in Law and professor of business at the University of Alabama.",,0_0
"Diana Wang accepted a job. The terms of that employment were very clear up front -- like most interns, she would be paid in skills and experience and resume fodder rather than money. The employer provided exactly the promised terms. So Diana Wang sued her employer. Now she is having trouble finding anyone to hire her . Wow, that is sure unexpected. Maybe she could go work for Obama's OFA, except (lol) they don't pay their interns either.",,0_0
It always astounds me when Harvard High Flyers put up something that makes no sense.,,0_0
"For these governors, fiscal conservatism"" meant running a tight ship within the prevailing center-left consensus in their states. If they provide a model of a ""libertarian Republican"" future, their fiscal apostasy must be accounted for.""",,0_0
"Figure 10 presents the modeled outgoing longwave radiation anomalies smoothed with 5-year filters, to provide a clearer view of the differences in the model simulations.",,0_0
"Say what? What could possibly justify that kind of adjustment, seven tenths of a degree? The early part of the record is adjusted to show less warming. Then from 1973 to 1989, Matanuska is adjusted to warm at a feverish rate of 4.4 degrees per century ... but Matanuska is a RURAL station. Since GISS says that the homogenization effort is designed to change thelong term trend of any non-rural station to match the long term trend of their rural neighbors, why is Matanuska being adjusted at all?",,0_0
"Stewart made one more feeble attempt to justify using average summer temperatures. He reported that a 2005 paper by Grayson revealed pika have been forced to move ever upwards as climate warmed throughout the Holocene. (See graph below) But Stewart seems unaware that he damaged is own argument. Several studies , using proxies and models, have shown the Great Basin was warmer during the Middle Holocene by 1 to 2.5C. Using Stewarts logic, as global warming approaches temperatures seen in the mid Holocene, pika should descend to lower elevations.",,0_0
"Space isn't only a scientific but a strategic domain, and securing our country's future in it has to be a pressing national priority.",,0_0
The 2006 legislation underpinning the do-not-call list appears to be a hucksters dream. The process of investigating complaints and meting out penalties is dawdling along at such a leisurely pace that its hardly a deterrent to flouting the rules.,,0_0
"The fact is that America's immigrant problem"" is a prime example of government failure. Immigrants have historically been among the most hard-working and valued members of American society. Yet thanks to a variety of perverse incentives -- from welfare systems to incompetent immigration bureaucracies -- immigrants are now far more likely to seek an undocumented route into this country. Their illegal status drives them into a shadowy world where interaction with authorities is discouraged, where antisocial activities like drug smuggling thrive.""",,0_0
"Remember all those stupid graphs where someone with an axe to grind against democracy, or people, or civilization, would point to a steep rise as irrefutable evidence that this cant go on and something must be done?",,0_0
"Anyhow, thats how it goes to date. If the IPCC theory about 3C surface warming from a doubling of CO2 is true, we need to either a) come up with something else in the CERES data to explain the missing CO2 warming of 1.6 W/m2 per decade, b) back off on the IPCC climate sensitivity by a factor of about ten ... or my perennial favorite, toss out the idea of climate sensitivity entirely and recognize that at equilibrium, temperature isnt a simple function of TOA forcings because the climate system has emergent phenomena which respond and react to counteract the TOA changes.",,0_0
"To get the remaining scientifically (or otherwise) relevant emails out, I ask you to pass this on to any motivated and responsible individuals who could volunteer some time to sift through the material for eventual release.",,0_0
"Our own reasons for concluding that climate sensitivity is low are set out in some detail in Monckton of Brenchley et al. (2015) Why models run hot (Science Bulletin of the Chinese Academy of Sciences, 60(1), January: go to scibull.com , click on Most Read Articles and ours is the all-time no. 1). Further testing of the simple climate-sensitivity model therein presented by comparing its hindcasts based on IPCC estimates of net anthropogenic radiative forcings from 1750-1950, 1750-1980 and 1750-2012 with observed temperature change over these three periods, carried out for a follow-up paper currently under review by the journal, show the models predictions as very close to observation on all three timescales. Our simple model, using a choice of parameters that reflects the underlying physics better than those of the more complex models, predicts that the equilibrium response to a doubling of atmospheric CO2 concentration will be 1.0 K per CO2 doubling,",,3_1
"That's bad news for our refineries along the Gulf of Mexico, which could be refining Canada's heavy crude and blending it with light crude from North Dakota.",,0_0
I think an investigation needs to be launched to determine why taxpayer money is being spent on creating such rubbish. Taxpayers have the right to get answers.,,0_0
"Outlandish and misleading claims by global warming alarmists such as Running explain why the public increasingly tunes out the alarmists' unending predictions of doom and gloom. If they want people to take them seriously, they must begin speaking truth rather than propaganda.",,5_2
"Regardless, the empirical temperature observations that NASA documents clearly indicates that the monotonous increase in atmospheric CO2 levels have had little impact on long-term (30 years) temperature change.",,2_3
"On the specific issue of whether the planned chronology of Briffa et al 2013 would differ from the 2006 regional chronology, Schmidt and I could not have been more in agreement.",,0_0
"When I constructed CO2 curves using Hansen's scenario assumptions and I compare his scenarios to the actual CO2 data recorded since 1988, I get an almost exact match to Scenario A""",,0_0
"What does a state get? A process in which the conclusion is pretty much determined from the outset. CCS arrives at stakeholder"" meetings with all the rules and voting procedures in place. They have a prepared list of dozens of options to be considered for recommendation by the governor-appointed stakeholder group. No cost-benefit analysis is provided for any of the options instead CCS supplies numbers that highlight the benefits in amount of greenhouse gases reduced, rather than their actual effect on the climate. Analysis is limited to the ""cost effectiveness"" of implementing the policy options (like smart growth or a renewable fuels portfolio). Meanwhile important factors such as influence on the state's economy, impacts on health and safety, and effects from increased regulation on businesses and consumers are not taken into account.""",,0_0
"Carbon dioxide emissions from non-Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development countriessuch as China and Indiaare projected to grow by 9 billion tons per year. The Partnership for a Better Energy Future reports: for every ton of CO2 reduced in 2030 as a result of EPA's rule, the rest of the world will have increased emissions by more than 16 tons."" Our reduction in 2030 would offset the equivalent of just 13.5 days of CO2 emissions from China. The CPP will become the definition of ""all pain and no gain."" Or, as economist Thomas Sowell calls it: ""replacing what worked with what sounded good.""",,4_2
"Srinivasan added: Between 2013 and 2014, India experienced a deficit of 4.5 per cent in terms of the electricity supply available to fulfil peak demand.",,0_0
"Food prices will rise even further if the global warming legislation backed by President Obama passes, since it expands ethanol subsidies that reward big corporations for turning food into fuel. Ethanol subsidies damage the environment by wiping out forests, polluting water supplies, and eroding the soil. By converting food into fuel, they cause famines and food riots in the world's poorest countries. That fuels Islamic extremism in Afghanistan and the Middle East.",,4_1
"From Jo Nova a look at how the MWP looks when other data is used, not just a few trees in Yamal.",,5_1
"But turnabout is fair play. In the same State of the Union speech in which Bush advocated approval of trade treaties with Colombia, Panama, and South Korea -- which union-friendly Democrats have stalled claiming the need for such provisions -- Bush offered on climate change policy to let us complete an international agreement that has the potential to slow, stop, and eventually reverse the growth of greenhouse gases."" But...""This agreement will be effective only if it includes commitments by every major economy and gives none a free ride.""",,0_0
Good numbers of polar bears are showing up in and around the Churchill area,,3_2
"Response: That is a reasonable interpretation, and EPA continues to believe that its BACT guidance is reasonable for the specific purposes for which the guidance is intended.",,0_0
"However, he predicted bushfires would burn far less area in central Australia by 2070 as hotter, drier, weather reduced the amount of fuel blazes had to feed on.",,0_0
"Even in what the authors describe as a nutrient-poor , low-productivity calcareous grassland, atmospheric CO 2 enrichment significantly increased both vegetative and reproductive biomass production. In addition, they say it is known from many studies that heavier seeds result in seedlings that are more robust than seedlings from lighter seeds (Baskin and Baskin, 1998)."" Hence, the continued rising of the air's CO 2 content would appear to bode well for these nutrient-poor Swiss grasslands, as well as for other low-productivity grasslands around the world. References""",,3_3
"Meanwhile, politically-connected corporations would make a bundle, since the bill would give away some 85 percent of the permits"" to emit carbon dioxide to favored ""businesses instead of selling them at auction.""",,0_0
"Sources of solar irradiance variability are spectral dependent, which is much more difficult to measure than TSI. Spectral variations are seen on the 27 day solar rotation cycle and also on the 11 year sunspot cycle.",,0_0
Electricity from New Wind Three Times More Costly than Existing Coal,,0_0
How can climate scientists/modelers hope to simulate the patterns of warming on land when they cant simulate the warming patterns of the largest ocean on this planet?,,5_1
"On August 23, 2006, Mr. Corcoran published an article in the National Post entitled Hockey sticks and hatchets: Inside the Globes 4,200-word hatchet job on climate skeptics. The article made a number of factual assertions about Dr. Weaver and noted, in 2004 , Dr. Weaver dismissed the original hockey-stick research debunking the 1,000-year claim as simply pure and unadulterated rubbish.",,5_1
"The UK Telegraph also recently reported on a cooling planet, quoting climate scientist Professor Anastasios Tsonis of the University of Wisconsin: We are already in a cooling trend , which I think will continue for the next 15 years at least. There is no doubt the warming of the 1980s and 1990s has stopped .",,1_2
"The case for the pipeline has always been compelling if environmental concerns could be satisfied, and now that case is even stronger. If the president is re-elected this fall, its hard to see how his administration could be justified in again finding grounds to deny a permit for the project, as it did earlier this year.",,0_0
Pope Francis' policies won't help the poor,,0_0
The States' Duty to Defend Against Federal Excess,,0_0
Solar influence on climate on shaky ground if we dont even know solar input,,0_0
Figure 13 presents the simulated energy imbalance in absolute form. There is a 5 watts/m^2 span between models for the base period energy imbalances. Four of the models energy imbalances for the base period are negative.,,0_0
"Attachment1.pdf is, as already noted, simply a statement of the policy of PNAS. The actual letter concerning our submission is Attachment2.pdf. This attachment begins with what we regard as a libelous description of our choice of reviewers. Will Happer, though a physicist, was in charge of research at DOE including pioneering climate research. Moreover, he has, in fact, published professionally on atmospheric turbulence. He is also a member of the NAS. M.-D. Chou and I have not collaborated in over 5 years, and Chou had absolutely nothing to do with the present manuscript. There then followed a list of other reviewers that we felt were all inappropriate.",,0_0
"The more accurate method to assess heat (and cold) waves is to use the anomalies of temperature in the lower atmosphere. This provides a more spatially representative measure of such extreme weather events than does the surface temperature trend assessment which relies on point measurements, often at poorly sited locations. We have a paper under review that uses this approach (anomalies of the lower tropospheric temperatures) with respect to the 2003 European heat wave. The full paper will be announced on the Climate Science website when accepted, but several of its conclusions can be summarized as in the following;",,0_0
"Among other things, the fact that the deadly North American droughts of the MWP have never been equaled throughout all the ensuing years argues strongly that what Benson et al . call the anomalous warmth of that period has also never been equaled throughout all the ensuing years,"" which further suggests (since the air's CO 2 content was so much less during the MWP than it is now) that the lesser warmth of today need not in any way be related to the much higher CO 2 concentration of earth's current atmosphere. Reviewed 8 August 2007""",,2_1
The Anomaly axis is hundredths of a degree C or 40 = 0.4C. So the total temperature rise from this ground based measurement is about 0.7. Now without getting into the endless problems with ground based measurements this isnt too much compared to what happens all the time.,,0_0
"Flashback 2008: Why Winter No Longer Exists' ""Winter has gone for ever Climate change has wiped out the season of traditionally long, hard frosts'""",,0_0
The Web site will post supporting materials for each segment so viewers who want to learn more will have documents to read and links to other videos and reports posted elsewhere. There will be chat room running during the program on the KUSI page of Facebook.,,0_0
"The media, of course, ate it up. In part, that was a healthy sign that there was nothing really important to report. But beyond their amusement value, these campaigns had some very real objectives: raising the federal government's fuel-economy standards, encouraging congressional legislation, and sticking some new voodoo pins into the demonized doll of automobility.",,0_0
"19 EPA, New Source Review: Report to the President, p. 11.",,0_0
"Global Warming Causes Less Snow, Except When It Causes More Snow",,0_0
"State legislatures are starting to repeal mandates to use alternative fuels such as wind and solar, which can be 10 and even 20 times as expensive as fossil fuels. The fracking"" revolution has made natural gas and oil plentiful and cheap, making the contrast with expensive and unreliable wind and solar even more apparent.""",,0_0
"The study , by scientist Leif Kullman, analyzed 455 radiocarbon-dated mega-fossils in the Scandes mountains and found that tree lines for different species of trees were higher during the Roman and Medieval times than they are today. Not only that, but the temperatures were higher as well.",,2_1
16f. The ability of global climate models to model precipitation values for the next 50 years,,0_0
UK Businesses Face Wave Of Green Taxes,,0_0
"Now, as you can see from Figure 2, the Kiehl hypothesis of cancellation has a big problem. The CERES results do not bear out Kiehl??s claims in the slightest. Instead, they support my hypothesis that increased tropical clouds cool the surface. As you can see, on average the loss from the reflected sunlight is about 20% or so greater than the gain from increased IR. This means that there is no cancellation. Instead, the clouds have a net cooling effect.",,3_1
"Among other problems, many of the sediment records Loehle used in his analysis had chronologies that were determined by just a few radiocarbon dates distributed over the past two thousand years. The dating in these records is consequently uncertain by as much as four hundred years or so, precluding their use in reconstructing centennial",,5_1
"A research team led by Ohio University geologist Gregory Springer examined the trace metal strontium and carbon and oxygen isotopes in the stalagmite, which preserved climate conditions averaged over periods as brief as a few years. The scientists found evidence of at least seven major drought periods during the Holocene era, according to an article published online in the journal Geophysical Research Letters.",,1_7
"Though solar thermal tower technology has been around since the 1970s, to date, only one plant in the world commercially generates electricity: Abengoa Solars 11-MW PS10 tower just outside Seville, in Spains Andaluca desert has been grid-connected since early 2007. Because the technology relies on heat from solar energy that is reflected by mirror arrays (heliostats) onto a tower-mounted receiver, installations tend to be site-specific, expensive, and high-maintenance.",,4_4
"Its a rant so feel free to say what you want, Im wrong a lot.",,0_0
"To provide an even greater margin of protection, farmers wishing to plant Roundup Ready alfalfa had even volunteered to implement their own planting restrictions that would put the onus on commodity growers to extend buffer zones up to a mile from non-genetically engineered seed breeders. Predictably, the organic industry rejected that offer, preferring restrictions that would essentially ban biotech crops from huge swathes of American cropland. Ronnie Cummins, director of the Organic Consumers Association, said there can be no such thing as coexistence"" with genetic engineering.""",,0_0
"They warned us at first that we had to move the vegetables from the front, that no vegetables were allowed in the front yard. We didn't move them because we didn't think we were doing anything wrong, even according to city code we didn't think we were doing anything wrong. So they ticketed us and charged me with a misdemeanor, Bass said . . .""",,0_0
Renouncing Islam in the Sudan carries the death penalty. I don't know what the consequences are for painting over a concrete stain bearing the image of the Virgin Mary .,,0_0
