0,subjectivity,1
Posted by Hockey Schtick on 25 Oct 2013,,0_0
"Yours truly: What actual evidence supports the dangerous climate effects"" assertion?""",,0_0
"But BAT also demands a lot more in seeking to set the relevant inputs, for now everyone has bad incentives. More specifically, a regulated utility will downgrade the expected benefits of technological improvements while talking up the costs of implementation. Environmental activists, with none of their own dollars on the line, have the exact opposite incentive. No court can easily work its way through the BAT minefield, but they still must review, at a great cost in time and money, a wide range of necessary EPA decisions under the CAA.",,0_0
"For hundreds of millions of the world's poor, however, coal is cleaner and more energy efficient than the alternative. This is one of the many inconvenient truths that environmentalists ignore in their dogged pursuit of a static global ecosystem.",,4_5
"This article originally appeared in the Washington Times on April 9, 2010.",,0_0
The Global Isostatic Adjustment (GIA) is one of the biggest frauds in climate science. They add 3mm/year to sea level rise rates based on the idea that the sea floor is sinking due to glacial rebound.,,5_2
"In any case, time is up. Real life intrudes. I am told that shopping in this store is complete. There are fabulous bargains to be had elsewhere, and I should come along because, I?m told, I can ponder doom anywhere. Thus shopping really does trump apocalypse.",,0_0
"In effect, EPA could insert itself (or your State environmental agency) into most local planning and zoning processes. I will write more about this in the future. It terrifies me.",,0_0
"Antarctica's climate has never been stable, and there have many significant changes in the past few thousand years, indeed the past few hundred as well. Proxy indicators from ice cores show abrupt alterations in atmospheric circulation and temperature. One of the most dramatic changes was the intensification of the circumpolar westerly winds between 6000 and 5000 years ago and between 1200 and 1000 years ago.",,0_0
A blogger named Steven Goddard whose actual name is Tony Heller posted a reaction to this blog post of mine . Here is my answer:,,0_0
Yesterday's blog was on the hype about heat waves--the claim that people will drop like flies from heat stress in U.S. cities unless urgent action is taken to cut carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions.,,0_0
"Case Study 2. Environment Ohio: Ohio's Steve Stivers Votes to Gut the Clean Air Act""",,0_0
"on Friday, March 30th, 2012 at 6:20 am and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"I am for a carbon tax. I also believe that the Climategate emails revealed, to an extent that surprised even me (and I am difficult to surprise), an ethos of suffocating groupthink and intellectual corruption?",,5_2
"You never want a serious crisis to go to waste, incoming White House chief of staff Rahm Emanuel recently said. ""And what I mean by that is an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before.""",,0_0
"Youre still the doctor and you still have to prescribe D or P (or nothing). No matter what you prescribe something will happen to the patient. What? And when? Perhaps the malady clears up, but how soon? Perhaps the illness is merely mitigated, but by how much? You not only have to figure out what treatment is better, but what will happen if you apply that treatment. This is a very tricky business, and is why, incidentally, there is such a variance in the ability of doctors. 3 Part of the problem is explicitly defining what is meant be the patient improves. There is ambiguity in that word improve , in what will happen with either of the drugs is administered.",,0_0
"The only tiny problem"" with this proclamation is that the atmosphere can't belong to Texas. Within a day, the winds ""export"" most of the air that was located above Texas to other states (or to the volume above the oceans).""",,0_0
"On a recent weekday afternoon inside a West Main Street storefront, a room filled with folding tables and flat-screen computer monitors has drawn about a dozen people all focused on the spinning and flashing images onscreen.",,0_0
"But the Malaysia story is of a piece with every part of Goldberg's deep look into what drives Obama, the man. The president confuses the reality of the world with his own prejudices about it: Venezuelan leader Hugo Chvez wasn't worth his attention because he was all talk. Saudi Arabia is only trying to use US power to win its petty war with Iran. Tribalism is what drives the modern Middle East, and we shouldn't get into that fight. Think tanks in Washington aren't driven by ideas, but by Jewish and Muslim money. Russia doesn't matter. Climate change is huge. Getting Malaysia on board in the fight against the Islamic State is key. And then there's the United States: America is a nation with bad instincts, whose hubris should be regulated"" and propensity to manage the challenges of the world constrained by outside forces. (Other than the weather, which he believes Americans ought to be able to manage.)""",,0_0
"I'll try to get a look at the presentations when I get a minute. In the meantime, it's remarkable to compare the House Committee's take on Oxburgh with Joe Farman's from the previous post.",,0_0
"These claims and demands are specious. For one thing, they ignore the way that organic"" is defined by the production standards of Vilsack's own department. The USDA's rules for organic production, which do bar the intentional use of genetically engineered crops, are based on process, not outcomes. In other words, as long as organic growers adhere to permissible practices and do not intentionally plant genetically engineered seeds, unintentional cross-pollination by genetically engineered plants (or for that matter, the drift of a prohibited pesticide onto their crops) does not cause those crops to lose their organic status.""",,0_0
"Here too, the wild, dangerous sea-level rise was mostly associated with the rise of Hitler and World War II, less so with CO2. Indeed in Newcastle, the seas are still not rising as fast as they were in 1942.",,1_6
"2) Continued improvements in energy efficiency can reduce the intensity of energy use but not enough to offset the need for more energy to meet the economic aspirations of the world?s current 6.2 billion people, let alone 7.5 billion in a mere 20 years? time.",,0_0
"To continue from Part I yesterday, the carbon taxon paper, on the white board, in the ivory toweris better policy than cap-and-trade, which is better than ad hoc regulation. We could spend and have spent hundreds of hours explaining why cap-and-trade is a horrible idea, and why regulations are often blunt-objects that often cause huge unintended consequences, but thats beyond this post.",,0_0
A GOVERNMENT-RUN research body has found in an extensive study of corals spanning more than 1000km of Australias coastline that the past 110 years of ocean warming has been good for their growth.,,3_2
"Since temperatures have not been rising for over a decade, projections of increasing temperatures from increasing carbon dioxide (CO2) are not valid. There is no logical reason to accept assertions that projections from models that failed to predict the pause or plateau in temperatures are capable of projecting future temperatures.",,1_4
"Now, after the Clean Power Plan was announced, Abengoa is trying revive a project that previously failed to pass permitting in time to qualify for subsidies. With more money available, it likely wants the additional funding the Palen Solar Power Project would provide.",,0_0
"I?m not opposed to moderation and frugality, and we certainly should put aside our avaricious and materialistic ways. Sacrifice, too, is virtuous and meritorious, as long as it is voluntary and sincere.",,0_0
"The Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research, which produced one of the models used in the Assessment, acknowledged at the time it was selected that its model's data were not useful for the purpose the administration is using it. Specifically, Hadley stated this on its website, In areas where coasts and mountains have significant effect on weather , scenarios based on global models will fail to capture the regional detail needed for vulnerability assessments at a national level."" Regardless, this model is used to project specific, but scientifically unsupportable, U.S. climate impacts, which are incorporated in both reports.""",,5_1
"Did Lord Monckton not accept that we could quantify the CO2 feedback? This point came from the professor. Well, replied Lord Monckton in one of his most crushing responses, perhaps the professor can quantify it, but the IPCC cant: its 2007 gospel gives an exceptionally wide range of answers, from 25 to 225 parts per million by volume per Kelvin in short, they dont know.",,5_1
"Washington, DC, June 7, 2001 The National Academy of Sciences report, released today, has already been characterized as offering further confirmation of global warming alarmism. The Competitive Enterprise Institute points out the report actually confirms that major uncertainties still remain in the current scientific understanding of climate change.",,5_1
"The Grantham Research Institute is chaired by Sir Nicholas Stern, author of the infamous Stern Review on the Economics of Climate Change which demanded an urgent global response"" to climate change. The called-for response includes a ramped up ""emissions trading"" of greenhouse gases.""",,0_0
"In other words, not just genuine ecological risks but virtually any impact that can be imagined may constitute a cognizable harm under NEPA if a sympathetic judge agrees. Thus, if agencies fail to address some tangential, inconsequential issue, they can be tripped up by a litigant who alleges that the environmental review was incomplete or that the conclusions were inadequately documented. Both kinds of allegations have lately plagued USDA approvals of genetically engineered crops, with hugely disruptive effects.",,0_0
"A new paper published in Climate of the Past reconstructs the climate of southeast Tibet over 224 years from 1781-2005 and finds,  The climate appears drier and more stable in the 20th century than previously."" The paper contradicts claims of climate alarmists that global warming causes an increase of extreme weather or extreme precipitation. In addition, the paper finds cloud cover decreased during the 20th century in comparison to the 19th century, which could amplify solar effects on temperature. According to the authors, "" The occurrence ofyears of extreme low or high cloud index appears to havestrongly decreased since the 1920s, suggesting a relativelystable summer moisture condition in southeast Tibet in spiteof the increasing impact of human activities on climate.""",,1_7
"If there was ever a reason for the U.S. to stop funding the U.N., this is it.",,0_0
"The wired.com article concluded, The inflated EPA numbers have been a public relations conundrum for Honda and Toyota, which are caught between hyped expectations and detracting from one of the cars' main selling points better mileage.""",,0_0
The Republicans want to be even more accepted in the ruling class. They want to be even more powerful. They want to be considered part of it. They want to be in the clique.,,0_0
"First, whether or not an insurance policy makes sense partly depends on the price of the premium. It is possible to spend too much on insurance. A homeowner s policy so expensive that it effectively prevents the insured from purchasing health insurance, replacing the faulty brakes in his car, making safety improvements in his home, or saving for his retirement is probably a bad investment. The Administration assures us that the premium payments associated with the Kyoto Protocol will be relatively small, but, as noted, several respected private sector analysts disagree.",,0_0
"Congress should hold hearings, demand an accounting of agency expenditures, require solid evidence for every climate claim and regulation, and cross-examine Administration officials on details. It should slash EPA and other agency budgets, so they cannot keep giving billions to pressure groups, propagandists and attack dogs. Honesty, transparency, accountability and a much shorter leash are long overdue.",,5_2
"Seven percent (7%) attribute global warming to some other reason, and nine percent (9%) are unsure in a new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey.",,0_0
But the Las Vegas Sun gets one of those five things wrong.,,0_0
"Of greater concern to the system's advocates is that prices of tradable emissions permits in the EU ETS have declined to record lows in the commodities marketplace. While the European Union just released preliminary (and incomplete) data showing that its carbon emissions have fallen at a greater-than-expected volume in 2011 (by 2.45 percent), this positive news has also had a negative effect on the marketplace for carbon emissions. A total of 1.88 billion tons of carbon were emitted in 2011, down from 1.94 billion tons in 2010. The 2011 emissions level was 144 million tons below the EU ETS cap. This is the sixth time in the last seven years there has been an oversupply of carbon offset allowances.",,0_0
"CHRIS TURNEY: The Southern Hemisphere westerly winds encircle Antarctica, and over the last 20 or 30 years or so, theyve been pushing further south. Now so actually in a way its almost like Antarcticas withdrawing itself from the rest of the world",,0_0
"The book, new to the Millard curriculum this year, was part of Plugged in to Non-Fiction,"" a collection of books on a variety of subjects. Parts of the book were required reading for sixth-graders in Millard reading and language-arts classes.""",,0_0
In other words: The 21st century climate catastrophe is not taking place.,,0_0
"The ingenious system required the same percentage reduction emissions from the two types of coal even though unscrubbed western coal was still cleaner than scrubbed eastern coal. This law (which lasted under the 1990 Clean Air Amendments) illustrates how powerful political figures (Robert Byrd of West Virginia and Howard Metzenbaum of Ohio) could take advantage of weak constitutional structures to impose destructive legislation, which should be struck down because of its massive implicit economic subsidies for dirty eastern coal.",,0_0
Many of the devastating floods that occur in parts of Southeast Asia are also associated with typhoons or tropical systems. See the typhoon section for more information.,,0_0
The Sun is a crucial factor that warming campaigners ignore. The assertion that humans influence the climate and nature need not be considered is absurd.,,2_1
EPA runs enormous political risks leading the charge for GHG regulations not approved by Congress. It is in the Agency's best interest not to oppose legislative action to overturn the endangerment finding and Mass. v. EPA.,,0_0
"Alarmists made huge news out of last years warmth, and forgot to mention that five out of the last six years started out with below normal temperatures. (The 2013 numbers will probably rise a little before the month is over.)",,1_3
"In the words of Fiorini et al ., our results confirm that the expected 3??C increase in the present seawater temperature will not strongly affect the physiology of this eurythermal species,"" and that ""the effect of an elevated pCO 2 in seawater will not be significant on calcification or on the PIC:POC ratio in either life stage."" And this no real news is definitely real good news for life in the world's oceans.""",,3_2
"Alexander said over the last 150 years, data shows surface temperatures have increased and the associated impacts on biological and physical systems have become more evident. Some of the more notable changes that have gradually occurred are sea level rise, shifts in climatic zones, changes in precipitation patterns and increases in frequency and magnitude of extreme weather events like droughts, floods and storms.",,0_0
"In the simplest form of classification there are nine major climate zones (Figure 1). Zones 1, 3, 7 and 9 are singular with similar weather conditions all year influenced by one major control mechanism. The others, 2, 4, 5, and 6 are mixed weather conditions because they?re under different control mechanisms as the seasons change.",,0_0
"Update: Evan Mills, apparently one author of the analysis, responds and I respond back .",,0_0
The Christmas travel plans of thousands of Britons are in disarray after snow left Heathrow Airport all but shut.,,0_0
"EPA asserts NSR does result in significant environmental and public health benefits,"" but admits ""there is no tracking by any government agency of the reductions in emissions that sources make due to the NSR program.""14 The largest documented reductions in emissions attributable to the program come from requiring BACT and LAER technology on new natural gas-fired electric generating units. With regard to existing sources, foregone emission reductions from new investments and modifications discouraged by NSR (discussed in detail below) may offset whatever reductions the program requires.""",,0_0
"The cap-and-trade bill will do little to cut greenhouse gas emissions, since it contains so many special interest giveaways and environmentally-destructive provisions like subsidies for ethanol . Instead, notes the Examiner , it will result in massive destruction of the Earth??s forests. Although the bill??s supporters claim it will cut greenhouse gas emissions, it may perversely increase them by driving industry overseas to places where there are fewer air pollution curbs, resulting in dirtier air.",,4_1
"Yes, there can be development and environmental protection. Sure many parts of the rainforest have soils that are not best for agriculture. But soil scientist Dr. Edward Krug contends rainforest soil is not unique"" and is ""very similar to that of the southeastern U.S."" which may not offer optimal conditions but has proven value for many crops.""",,0_0
Changes in global atmospheric CO2 are lagging 9.510 months behind changes in global air surface temperature.,,2_3
troposphere unless you accept one single study and approach and discount a,,0_0
"Fenton Communications is the infamous, left-wing public relations group that orchestrated actress Meryl Streep, CBS' 60 Minutes and the Natural Resources Defense Council to bring about the entirely bogus 1989 scare involving the apple-ripening chemical Alar.",,0_0
"If these people were actual scientists, they would conclude that CO2 alarmism is a thing of the past.",,5_2
"This month, the attorneys-general of 16 US states issued subpoenas against a think tank, the Competitive Enterprise Institute, in an attempt to silence its climate dissent. The Bloomberg View columnist Megan McArdle lambasted this decision, saying: I support action on climate change . . . But that doesn't mean I'm entitled to drive people who disagree with me from the public square.""",,0_0
"However, one Australian professor of biology, apparently dismissing history, wrote a letter to the prestigious journal Nature, titled Dont Fight Fire with Fire. This may have reinforced his appointment as a bushfire adviser to the New South Wales government, from 1996-2004. In that time there were many uncontrollable bushfires. We should not, of course, allow ourselves to be misled by the old logical error of post hoc, ergo propter hoc, but we can still ponder. That professor now holds an academic appointment in the United Arab Emirates, where I would imagine there are few bushfires. Again, we should avoid assuming that his presence there has brought about that situation.",,0_0
"While it's hardly mentioned in the media, the U.S. is currently in an extended and intense hurricane drought."" The last Category 3 or stronger storm to make landfall was Wilma in 2005. The more than seven years since then is the longest such span in over a century.""",,1_7
"In a telephone interview, Smith summed up these facts by simply saying that while we can talk about mature or relatively undisturbed rainforest, there is no such thing as virgin tropical rain forest any more.""",,0_0
"His experience reveals how easily regulatory agencies can be corrupted by minority interest views using an alleged crisis"" of their own making to propel themselves into positions of even greater power and influence at great involuntary expense to the rest of us.""",,0_0
some fundamental limitations to knowledge with regard to future African climate.,,0_0
"It also appears that other experienced and reputable scientists such as Hans Jelbring, Harry Dale Huffman and many others have previously pointed out the errors of the climate consensus in failing to give due weight to the Gas Laws which represent much longer established settled science than the relatively recent speculations about the supposed thermal properties of greenhouse gases.",,5_1
"A similar thing happened from 1940 to 1980 during the post-Second-World-War industrial boom when carbon dioxide increased rapidly, but was accompanied by 40 years of global cooling.",,2_3
"Attending a speech by S. Fred Singer in Helsinki, Finland, Robert Reinstein, former chief State Department negotiator on the climate treaty under the Bush administration, confirmed that the Policymakers Summary of the IPCC report did not reflect the views of the scientists but was negotiated by international delegations. Because of this,"" he stated, ""the summary must be considered purely a political document, not a scientific one.""",,0_0
"Increased Number Think Global Warming Is Exaggerated""",,0_0
"The second system is the impact on the biosphere itself. While carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas that tends to trap the sun??s radiation, it is also a vital fertilizer that stimulates plant growth and consequently enhances the food supplies for all the animals, insects, funghi and bacteria which live on and around them.",,3_3
"The Climategate Emails reveal something else, too: the enlistment of the most widely read source of information in the world Wikipedia in the wholesale rewriting of this history.",,0_0
"He has not, a private citizen. Indeed, he spent eight years at the top of Superpower. What hope could there be then to see him tried, convicted or even?",,0_0
"Whatever happens to the Trump candidacy, it now seems clear that Jacksonian America is rousing itself to fight for its identity, its culture and its primacy in a country that it believes it should own. Its cultural values have been traduced, its economic interests disregarded, and its future as the center of gravity of American political life is under attack. Overseas, it sees traditional rivals like Russia, China, North Korea and Iran making headway against a President that it distrusts; more troubling still, in ISIS and jihadi terror it sees the rapid spread of a movement aiming at the mass murder of Americans. Jacksonian America has lost all confidence in the will or the ability of the political establishment to fight the threats it sees abroad and at home. It wants what it has always wanted: to take its future into its own hands.",,0_0
"I suppose there are exceptions in the law for LLNL and other government agencies to withhold documents and emails from the public for national security purposes. Much as Santer might like to think global warming is one of those exemptions, I doubt he could successfully make a legal case for that.",,0_0
"Only yesterday, the EPA issued new proposals declaring that carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions from airliners threaten public health as they contribute to global warming. Indeed, only 2% of all man-made carbon dioxide emissions come from the aviation sector. Interestingly, this comes on the heels of the recent news that there has been no statistical warming for nearly 19 years based on satellite temperature measurements. Both the military and small aircraft would be exempt from these new proposals.",,1_4
"Had satellites gone up in the 1930s, instead of the late 1970s, we would still be doing the global cooling scam, rather thanthe global warming scam.",,5_2
"The BEST report said: Numerically, our best estimate for the global temperature of 2014 puts it slightly above (by 0.01C) that of the next warmest year (2010) but by much less than the margin of uncertainty. (italics added) Therefore it is impossible to conclude from our analysis which of 2014, 2010, or 2005 was actually the warmest year. the Earths average temperature for the past decade has changed very little.",,1_4
"We are recklessly, mindlessly destroying the Earth. As Lincoln said, We must disenthrall ourselves. And then we will save our country.' And our planet,"" Gore said in a statement.""",,0_0
"The measured response of the energy fluxes at the top of the atmosphere to the changes of the sea surface temperature is still significantly larger than claimed by the IPCC and the climate sensitivity ends up being 0.7 ??C. In fact, their 99-percent confidence interval is 0.5 - 1.3 ??C. Imagine: they are 99 percent certain that the climate sensitivity can't exceed 1.3 ??C. This is, of course, qualitatively incompatible with the IPCC whose lower bound is 2 ??C.",,3_1
The CPP Will Increase Electricity Costs for Consumers and Raises Reliability Concerns. A plan that gives low-carbon generation priority over low-cost generation and forces states to replace economical coal capacity with more costly renewable and nuclear generation will increase consumer electric bills.,,4_1
"Professor Jones told the BBC yesterday there was truth in the observations of colleagues that he lacked organisational skills, that his office was swamped with piles of paper and that his record keeping is ?not as good as it should be?.",,0_0
"Carbon Taxes, Energy Costs, and Economic Activity",,0_0
"DR. SPENCER: I'm sorry four-hundredths of a degree C per decade. And probably this cooling from Pinatubo is a large portion of that cooling signal. It probably wouldn't have happened otherwise. Now I also put on here, the surface temperature measurements from thermometers. There are a few groups in the world that are doing monitoring of global temperatures with thermometers. Obviously, the temperature data over the ocean isn't very good. And there's different data sets. Here's climate prediction center for the land -- they have an upward trend since 1979 of fourteen-hundredths per decade. The IPCC, which is sort of the international official temperature trend, its data set is plus .13 C per decade. And then Jim Hansen at GIS has folded in NOAA's sea service temperatures data with his data. He gets about nine-hundredths warming per decade.",,0_0
"Read here . IPCC scientists still claim that the Medieval Warming was limited to the northern European region despite all the evidence otherwise . Adding to that 'otherwise,' researchers documented a confirmed Medieval warming and associated dry precipitation levels within the Panama region, near the Equator. The authors conclude that ""the correspondence between warm medieval temperatures and dry hydrologic anomalies in Panama supports a large-scale Medieval Climatic Anomaly that may have been global in extent, and involved atmospheric circulation reorganizations that are linked to ENSO."".....noting that such reorganizations of earth's climate system are not dependent on rising atmospheric CO2 concentrations to trigger them, and, therefore, that the development of the Modern Warm Period likely was largely unrelated to the concomitant increase in the air's CO2 concentration""",,2_1
"From my perspective, it looks like an act of desperation on the part of DeSmog blog:",,0_0
"Hansen drew comments from a report released by the WWF in the summer of 2002 titled, Polar Bears at Risk. This report also fingered climate change as the major threat to polar bear well-being.",,0_0
"Party. The study is based on an impressive array of polling and meteorological data, with careful statistical analysis.",,0_0
"Professor Crowder told delegates that there was much that could be done to minimise the impact of long line fishing, such as changing the shape of hooks.",,0_0
"Since when was the ability to manage the agenda of the G-20 (go ahead, try and name its members) a litmus test of strength? Yet here we see another almost incredible disconnect between reality and Obama-world. Russia, which is indeed setting the agenda in the Middle East and in Eastern Europe, is doing so without breaking a sweat because Obama has chosen not to push back. Why not? Because apparently pushing back requires war with Russia, rather than the myriad other options available to America's chief executive, including arming Ukrainian soldiers or inflicting more financial pain on Moscow. Straw men play an enormous role in the president's universe.",,0_0
"Of course, some believe that CO2 forcings do not even exist (although I'm not one of them). Here I am simply trying to determine what might be concluded about climate sensitivity if we assume Hansen's forcings and the OHC increases are correct. As we will see, the large difference between forcing (0.8) and radiative imbalance (0.2) implies an insensitive climate system.",,0_0
"Sooo, the real risk derives from the ruling class, idiot-elites who authored the recent global financial meltdown, are in the process of destroying the states of California, Illinois and New York, and are driving the U.S. economic machine into a banana republic destitute condition of galactic-sized debt. The good news is that expert firms like Mercer are warning the public where the real risk comes from - your elected officials and overpaid bureaucrats, not the climate.",,4_1
"Take the recently concluded Syria negotiations. As thousands died, and millions fled, as hatreds festered, jihadi groups metastasized and populations radicalized, the United States and Russia edged toward an agreement that would lead to a cease fire. After fevered speculation that the long sought agreement would be signed at the G-20 meeting in China ended in disappointment, John Kerry flew to Geneva and came back with something.",,0_0
"While this is obviously satire it was presented in parallel with other information that was considered by Mr. Cook to be scientific. I found this juxtaposition very odd, since it essentially disagreed with Cook??s own position on the public viewpoint percentages as well as trivializing and debasing the debate.",,5_2
"Early on in my statements about Climategate, I became aware that my statements were looked upon very unfavorably by some scientists, particularly those that were vocal advocates of the IPCC and UNFCCC policies. As an example, Peter Webster related a conversation at a professional meeting in 2010 with a young scientist who said something like: You know, Judy is REALLY unpopular among the scientists at lab. Im not sure, but I think she might be right. I can say that to you but of course I wouldnt dare say that at the lab.",,5_2
"Let me emphasize again: The catastrophe results not from greenhouse gas theory, but from the theory of extreme climactic positive feedback. In a large sense, all the debate in the media is about the wrong thing! When was the last time you saw the words positive feedback"" in a media article about climate?""",,5_2
Figure 3: The 230-year cycle over the last 165 years has been superimposed by a 65-year cycle as well as by other effects like the irregular ENSO events and large volcanic eruptions.,,0_0
"The sea surface temperature anomalies for the NINO3.4 region in the eastern equatorial Pacific (5S-5N, 170E-120E) are a commonly used index for the strength, frequency and duration of El Nio and La Nina events. We keep an eye on the sea surface temperatures there because El Nio and La Nia events are the primary cause of the yearly variations in global sea surface temperatures AND the primary cause of the long-term warming of global sea surface temperatures over the past 30 years. See the discussion of the East Pacific versus the Rest-of-the-World that follows.",,2_1
"The HadCRUt4 warming rate from 1976-2001 was equivalent to almost 1.8 C/century (compared with warming at just 1.1 C/century from 1979-1996), but from 2002 to the present HadCRUt4 shows cooling at a rate equivalent to almost 0.5 C/century (compared with warming at almost 0.5 C/century from 1997-2012).",,1_4
"TWTW has not confirmed the claim using independent sources. Assuming 113 tons to 1 acre-foot, and 1 tonne equals 2,240 lbs, not 2,000 lbs, this amount converts to 91,870 acre-feet of fresh water per day or 113,275 megaliters per day. See link under Other News That May Be of Interest.",,0_0
The environmental movement suffers its biggest defeat since Climategate,,0_0
"If you are wondering, what about cooling of the atmosphere in contact with the ground?, well just make the soil layer deeperit turns out that 0.2 meters of soil is equivalent in bulk heat capacity to about 200 m of atmosphere.",,0_0
But that may be changing. Consider the more insidious and subtle tactics of the San Francisco-based As You Sow Foundation.,,0_0
"By Ian Plimer, Catallaxy Files, Aug 11, 2015",,0_0
It is becoming a trend in the journal Science that of publishing articles stating that there is no hiatus in annual average global surface temperature.,,0_0
"Hundreds of MW, probably upper, however, oil is an unusual fuel so I suspect this is peak times only. They mention gas plant but seem to casually throw this in without detail. Presumably a similar power and the thermal efficiency is a little better.",,0_0
Path Is Sought for States to Escape Debt Burdens:,,0_0
"Second, Eli has not commented on the discrepancy between GISS and GHCN adjustments and the KNMI results. So while the additional reference is interesting and further documents the points that I made above, it does not contradict them. Eli has simply thrown up a diversion as though it were an academic comment.",,0_0
"Lest anyone see a greenhouse fingerprint in the larger number of hurricanes since 1975, 16 were remants of tropical storms. In contrast, only one remnant is identified for 1950-1974 and none is identified for 1900-1949. No doubt New York experienced many hurricane remnants that were not identified as such before the advent of weather satellites and hurricane hunter aircraft.",,1_7
Dr Pearman suggested that much of the 0.7 degree Celsius increase in the earths temperature over the last 100 years has occurred in the last 10 years. Yet the last really hot year was in 1998 and global temperatures have since plateaued.,,1_4
"''Imagine, if you will, someone who read only the Reader's Digest between 1950 and 1970, and someone in the same period who read only The Nation or The New Statesman. Which reader would have been better informed about the realities of Communism? The answer, I think, should give us pause. Can it be that our enemies were right?''",,0_0
"For most of the 20th century, the Forest Service has failed to manage our national forests properly while treating fire as a virtual moral evil. Unless these policies are reversed, fires that consume millions of acres and inflict billions of dollars in damage will become more and more common.",,0_0
The Met Office report includes a new study which shows that sea surface temperatures were higher than initially thought because of a change in the way the temperatures were measured after 2000. The new analysis significantly increases the warming scientists think was seen globally over the past decade.,,0_0
"A review article appearing in Climate Research (April 9, 1998) claims that this number is too high. Dr. Sherwood Idso, of the U.S. Water Conservation Laboratory, discusses some of the research he has conducted which downgrades considerably the amount of warming that may occur from an increase of anthropogenic CO2 emissions.",,0_0
"Gasoline prices rising $0.20 by 2016 and $0.30 before 2030, and",,0_0
"The weather played an April Fools Day prank on Moscow residents Monday, bringing fresh snow to the Russian capital instead of long-awaited sunshine.",,0_0
"4. The pipeline will help America's balance of trade. Refining is manufacturing. The U.S. is importing unfinished goods (in the form of Canadian crude), finishing them, and exporting them. That's a good thing.",,0_0
"CEI is a non-profit, non-partisan public policy group dedicated to the principles of free enterprise and limited government. For more information about CEI, please visit our website at www.cei.org.",,0_0
"The analysis in this Backgrounder uses the Heritage Energy Model (HEM), a derivative of the National Energy Model System 2015 Full Release (NEMS). NEMS is used by the EIA in the Department of Energy as well as by various nongovernmental organizations for a variety of purposes, including forecasting the effects of energy policy changes on a plethora of leading economic indicators. The methodologies, assumptions, conclusions, and opinions in this Backgrounder are entirely the work of statisticians and economists in the Center for Data Analysis (CDA) at The Heritage Foundation, and have not been endorsed by, and do not necessarily reflect the views of, the developers of NEMS.",,0_0
"It is now six months since I reported on what even environmentalists are calling the biggest environmental scandal in history"". Indeed this is a scam so glaringly bizarre that even the UN and the EU have belatedly announced that they are thinking of taking steps to stop it. The essence of the scam is that a handful of Chinese and Indian firms are deliberately producing large quantities of an incredibly powerful ""greenhouse gas"" which we in the West ? including UK taxpayers ? then pay them billions of dollars to destroy.""",,5_2
Full Frontal Nudity Doesn't Make Us Safer: Abolish the TSA:,,0_0
"Having read too many Gore, Pachauri, Quinn and other Deep Ecology treatises, LunaBomber James Lee held Discovery Channel employees hostage and denounced the TV station for its support of parasitic human infants,"" before being shot by police. His website and actions underscore how demented some Earth Liberation and global warming fanatics have become.""",,5_2
Reflections on the D.C. Circuit Court GHG Decision,,0_0
"Despite the cut backs to wind power, the German government estimates that it will spend over $1.1 trillion financially supporting wind power, even though building wind turbines hasn't achieved the government's goal of actually reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions to slow global warming.",,0_0
"I thought it was kind of interesting that upon reading this McKinsey & Co study (currently the top one in the list) on education, Kevin Drum and a number of other left 'o center blogs pulled out this one chart to highlight. It shows starting teacher pay (i.e. out of college) as a percent of the economy's average)",,0_0
Computerized Medicine: Fantasy vs the Real World,,0_0
GE's CEO Jeffrey Immelt wants the U.S. government to set a long-term price for carbon so the U.S. can compete with China in the green energy market.,,0_0
Study finds increased CO2 will greatly enhance productivity of world's major crops,,3_3
"Whether a subsidized company goes bankrupt or becomes a huge success, special treatment that benefits one subset of the economy is a waste of taxpayer dollars. The government has repeatedly demonstrated its ineptitude as an investor, losing billions of dollars in bad bets such as the now defunct solar manufacturer Solyndra and battery manufacturer A123 Systems. Yet even if a project receives government investment and remains profitable, attributing that company's success to the federal government's investment is a mistake. In these instances, the taxpayer dollars have offset private-sector investments that would have been made without the government's help, and the program is nothing more than corporate welfare.",,0_0
The U.S. economy remains dependent on OPEC (Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries) at a time when development of burgeoning natural fossil fuel resources could move the nation toward strategic energy independence.,,0_0
"In a new report, computer expert E. Michael Smith and Certified Consulting Meteorologist Joseph D'Aleo discovered extensive manipulation of the temperature data by the U.S. government's two primary climate centers: the National Climatic Data Center (NCDC) in Asheville, North Carolina and the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies (GISS) at Columbia University in New York City. Smith and D'Aleo accuse these centers of manipulating temperature data to give the appearance of warmer temperatures than actually occurred by trimming the number and location of weather observation stations. The report is available online at http://icecap.us/images/uploads/NOAAroleinclimategate.pdf.",,5_2
"Canadians remember our brave soldiers who have died every November 11th. Americans remember their fallen on the last Monday of May, in what they call Memorial Day . A year ago at this time I was fortunate enough to be over in Hawaii. I made a point of driving up to the magnificent and sacred Punchbowl National Cemetery to witness the events first hand. Here's a video I put together to commemorate that solemn day:",,0_0
"I commented on Nurse on an earlier occasion, when Nurse had given a completely untrue account of the connection of FOI and Climategate:",,5_2
"Steve, Im horrified by your slipshod work. You did not define what you compare, what dataset used in each case, how data were processed, and what was the reason for that, what limitation there are, what kind of additional information you need to know. Why didnt you ask me for all the details? You even arent ashamed of using information from stolen letters. Do carelessness, grubbiness, dishonourableness are the necessary concomitants of your job? With disrespect",,0_0
"Corbin Hiar, UN Dispatch, 11 August 2010",,0_0
"Of course, tugs-of-war between establishment forces and ideological wings are nothing new with our political parties. They have been a continuing factor for many decades. The Republican Party had deep-seated struggles between its Progressive wing, led by Teddy Roosevelt and Robert La Follette, and its conservative establishment, led by William Howard Taft and House Speaker Uncle Joe"" Cannon, going back to the turn of the 20th century.""",,0_0
"EPA understood that it would be absurd to require pre-construction permits because of emissions of any airborne compound, including emissions of airborne compounds that have not been deemed harmful and regulated under the Clean Air Act. To avoid rendering the Prevention of Significant Deterioration statute an absurdity, EPA construed ?air pollutant? to mean certain air pollutants ? in particular, ?any regulated air pollutant.?",,0_0
"Andrew Montford draws attention to another paper just published by Gavin Schmidt, et al., that the failure of the earth to warm is one incredible, incredible coincidence. From the preview: Climate models projected stronger warming over the past 15 years than has been seen in observations. Conspiring factors of errors in volcanic and solar inputs, representations of aerosols, and El Nio evolution, may explain most of the discrepancy. See links under Un-Science or Non-Science?",,1_4
Check out the National Consumer Coalition's Cooler Heads website at www.globalwarming.org.,,0_0
"Asia needs the energy to fuel its growing economy and support its still inadequate petroleum production infrastructure. Most of Europe's natural gas comes from Russia, which charges high prices, engages in energy blackmail, and is rattling sabers in Crimea, Moldova, and Ukraine.",,0_0
95 percent of global warming models are wrong,,5_1
"3 Third, the climate models predict a particular pattern of atmospheric warming during periods of global warming. In particular, the most prominent change they predict is a warming in the tropics about 10 km up, the so-called hotspot. But we have been measuring atmospheric temperatures by weather balloons since the 1960s, and millions of weather balloons say there was no such hotspot during the last warming from 1975 to 2001. The hotspot is integral to their theory, because it would be evidence of the extra evaporation and thickening of the water vapor blanket that produces two thirds of the warming in the climate models the carbon dioxide itself produces only one third of the projected warming, but is amplified in the models by water vapor. But in reality there is no hotspot, so there is no amplification, which is why the climate models have exaggerated temperature increases.",,2_3
5. Republic of Congo - Agreement for Cooperation in the Global Learning and Observations to Benefit the Environment (GLOBE) Program,,0_0
"AT&T; announced today that it was cutting the price of data access for prepaid customers -- those who don't sign contracts but instead pay as they go -- to $5 for 10MB of data access on select smartphones, a major cut from the previous $5 for 1MB. But press reports haven't done their math: The costs are 50 times what so-called postpaid customers -- those who sign a contract and get a bill each month -- are charged. An AT&T; GoPhone customer pays $500 per gigabyte of data usage, whereas a postpaid Android or iPhone user pays $10 per gigabyte.",,0_0
or I will write something ? it depends on whether and what we get from Japan.,,0_0
"But lest we forget one of the largest Green groups on the issue, the Rainforest Action Network, they say all these numbers are too low and claim almost two and a half acres per second are wiped out (two U.S. football fields) with 150 acres per minute, 9,000 per hour, about 214,000 per day (an area larger than all of New York City), and 78 million acres per year (an area larger than Poland).",,0_0
"Twenty years is a short time for an organization seeking to redeem the American Dream, but we've had a great start. At 20, CEI still operates in a target-rich environment. There are massive battles still to be waged and won. With your help, CEI will keep on fighting creatively and enthusiastically.",,0_0
"This is possible because all of the warming took place in one year, 1947 to 1948. Balling argues that the temperature records from Kyoto and Japan can be interpreted a hundred different ways. One could fairly argue (a) Japan has warmed significantly over the past century, (b) Japan has warmed quickly in the most recent two decades, (c) 1998 is the warmest year on record for Japan, and (d) the greatest warming is occurring at night in the winter. All of these findings are broadly consistent with expectations from climate model simulations for increasing concentrations of greenhouse gases. From this perspective, the temperature record from Japan is another reason to support the Kyoto Protocol.""",,0_0
"The danger, says Hughes, is that without the right expertise, climate proxies can be mixed and matched to produce inaccurate pictures of the past. You have to compare like with like and you have to be able to calibrate the data,"" said Hughes. By calibrate, Hughes means tying tree rings or other climate proxies to real meteorological data, such as thermometer and rainfall records. This requires that the natural archive a scientist is using overlaps a period of time when thermometers and rainfall gauges were in use somewhere nearby a tall order in many parts of the world.""",,0_0
"Now, if we leave out the extinctions by introduced predators, then out of the 207 bird and mammal extinctions there are only 9 extinctions in 500 years, three mammals and six birds. This means that other than extinctions from introduced predators the extinction rate is only 1.2 extinctions per MSY very low.",,3_2
"Scientists, Czymzik et al., analyzing 450 years of data from Germany, found the IPCC's increased flooding prediction to be the total opposite of reality. Instead, it was determined that colder climates have a greater frequency of floods.",,1_7
"Commisioner Hedegaard posed this question: While some argue that the U.S. cannot afford climate and energy legislation, my question is: Can the U.S. afford not to have ambitious legislation that paves the way for a more energy-efficient future? We all know that we are in for a future where energy and resources will be still more expensive, and the companies and nations that are the most energy-efficient will prosper the most.""",,0_0
"Due to the intermittent nature of solar energy (it only works when it is sunny), solar users will have a need for backup power supplied by their utility. (Distributed storage is prohibitively expensive.)However, when solar owners are subsidized at high rates, and in higher than expected numbers, utilities are paying more than they would otherwise for electricity.",,4_4
"As states grapple with increasingly squeezed budgets, one simmering battle -- trying to collect sales taxes from retailing behemoth Amazon (AMZN) -- has heated up considerably over the past year. The jury's still out on how much money states like Rhode Island and North Carolina (which is thick in litigation with Amazon over this very issue) will get from online sales-tax initiatives. But Texas has issued its own bill to Amazon -- to the tune of $269 million.",,0_0
"The article reports that over 90 percent of the responders agreed with the statement that mean global temperatures have risen relative to the pre-1800 levels (Question 1). But this is unremarkable. Everyone knows that in the 1700s and early 1800s the world was in the grip of the Little Ice Age, so a recovery toward normalcy alone would lead to global warming. No one I know and I know plenty of skeptics (not yet a criminal offense, I hope) has ever disputed this point. So the real surprise to me is that it wasnt 99 percentplus!",,2_1
Greg Conko and Ron Bailey have prophesized that it's just a matter of time before China and India figure out that molecular plant breeding will save the day and that these two countries will ignore Europe's insistence that this technique should not be used. This is happening now.,,0_0
"Besides an overall growth of nesting Elegant Terns in Isla Rasa and southern California colonies as a result of successful conservation efforts, since year 2000 whenever Elegant Terns have confronted poor oceanographic conditions, indicated by high SST (>1.0C) anomalies in the Midriff , breeding pairs have abandoned Rasa, a behavior that is further augmented by high sardine fishing effort and landings in the Midriff. This oscillatory migration dynamics between distant nesting sites suggests that Elegant Terns can make fast decisions and dynamically adapt to rapid changes in the global environment. The adequate maintenance of a healthy fish community in both the Gulf of California and the Pacific is an important priority that will help support healthy seabird communities, as well as healthy marine ecosystems in general and sustainable fisheries.",,0_0
"Consistency across indicators is important to finishing high in the rankings; there is much lower variance on subindices for top performers than for worse performers. In fact, the worst performers often do well in one or two subindices, rather than fail in all of them. The top fourteen countries have consistently high ratings. Only two countries, Yemen and Zimbabwe, have consistently poor indicators.",,0_0
"I used RegEm, as provided by dr Steig with the data as he also provided it to make the following graphs. There are a pile of them because I dont have the actual implementation code and I havent verified which version (if any of these) he used yet but here it goes. I think youll find some interesting detail.",,0_0
So one has to be rather careful and always ask: What is the exact question for which a consensus has been claimed?,,0_0
"Additionally, our estimates of climate sensitivity using our SCM and the four instrumental temperature records range from about 1.5 C to 2.0 C. These are on the low end of the estimates in the IPCCs Fourth Assessment Report. So, while we find that most of the observed warming is due to human emissions of LLGHGs, future warming based on these estimations will grow more slowly compared to that under the IPCCs likely range of climate sensitivity, from 2.0 C to 4.5 C. This makes it more likely that mitigation of human emissions will be able to hold the global temperature increase since pre-industrial time below 2 C, as agreed by the Confer- ence of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Cancun.",,3_1
Overheated rhetoric on climate change doesn?t make for good policies,,0_0
"As discussions about climate change continue, one critical factor about this phenomenon has remained largely unknown to the public: the important but enigmatic role of clouds in climate change. The role of clouds is important because at any given time about 70 percent of the Earth is covered by clouds. The role of clouds is enigmatic because clouds can exert opposing forces: Some types of clouds help cool the Earth and some types of clouds help warm it. Which effectwillwin outas our climate continues to change? So far, no one is certain.",,0_0
"Time then for me to dig out some slides that Ive used off and on in lectures since 1999 as an illustration of Henrik Svensmarks cosmic rays in action, controlling our climate. But first, just to show that Im not being kooky, heres a graph from a 2000 paper by E. N. Lawrence of the UK Meteorological Office. TheTitanicdisaster a meteorologists perspective, related iceberg abundance at low latitudes to a scarcity of sunspots (see image top right).",,0_0
"Using sediment cores from two lakes in the Qaidam Basin of the northern Tibetan Plateau , Chinese researchers reconstructed temperatures back some 2,000 years. Their research was unequivocal: modern warming has been cooler than past warming periods. They also confirmed that the climate naturally made shifts between warm/cool regimes. Plus, the climate shifts appear to be associated with solar activity. Note: Historical temperature charts and previous climate-history articles .",,2_1
"He has thought long and hard about being the un-Bush and realizes that he strayed from that mantra twice: Once in aiding in the ouster of Libyan dictator Muammar al-Qaddafi, and once in threatening military action against Syria's Bashar al-Assad for his use of chemical weapons. In the first case, the president clearly blames both Hillary Clinton and America's much-disdained allies in Europe:  didn't work,"" Obama complains. ""When I go back and I ask myself what went wrong, there's room for criticism, because I had more faith in the Europeans, given Libya's proximity, being invested in the follow-up.""",,0_0
"Balling also found that winter warming of minimum temperatures accounts for more than 40 percent of all warming observed at Rothamsted; summer maximum temperatures account for only 10 percent of the warming,"" meaning that most of the warming occurs at night and in winter. Also, 92.5 percent of the warming in the record occurred before 1950.""",,0_0
"In his dissenting opinion, Judge Robert Smith argued the court was being too prudish in what it considered art even though he finds lap dances 'distasteful.' 'Perhaps for similar reasons, I do not read Hustler magazine,' Smith wrote. 'I would rather read the New Yorker. I would be appalled however, if the state were to exact from Hustler a tax that the New Yorker did not have to pay on the ground that what appears in Hustler is insufficiently cultural or artistic.'""",,0_0
"Very timely transmission In Our Time on BBC Radio 4, about Lysenkoism, biology Soviet disguised as science but in reality pure propaganda, that Trofim D. Lysenko, Stalin's agricultural consultant, managed to pass off as truth from 1928 until at least 1962 . This is the original description of the program (my translation dallinglese)",,0_0
"I do not agree that this was merely a ???slight mis-statement in a single sentence?? as the same argument had been made in their March 1 submission to Muir Russell, a submission which did not include accompanying ???copious?? information evidencing the error to the Muir Russell panel as a ???slight mis-statement??. It also speaks poorly that CRU would make a ???mis-statement?? to Muir Russell on an issue so central to Climategate.",,5_2
"Until 1996, EPA typically estimated the effect of facility modifications on emissions by comparing current actual emissions with reasonably likely future emissions, a so-called actual-to-future-actual"" methodology. As early as 1990, EPA indicated it intended to replace this methodology for all emitters except utilities21 with a methodology called ""actual-to-potential,"" in which the decision to apply NSR is determined by the emitter's ""potential to emit"" (PTE). Which test was actually used was determined on a case-by-case basis until 1996, when EPA told the nonutility regulated community to presume the ""actual-to-potential"" method applied.""",,0_0
"Rather than new federal regulations, he should be encouraging more natural gas development and approving Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) export licenses, states Kathleen Sgamma, Vice President of Government & Public Affairs for the Western Energy Alliance. ""By exporting LNG, not only would America benefit from huge job growth, but we would be providing a low-carbon solution to other nations and helping them to likewise reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. Germany and Japan have increased their use of coal because they lack access to affordable natural gas, and their carbon emissions have risen. By stubbornly repressing exports, the President is standing in the way of a global solution to a global problem.""",,0_0
"In return for running the pool, the ERT would receive fees in the form of greenhouse gas reduction credits from the utilities."" It is unclear whether ERT would sell the credits or retire them. Fred Krupp testified that ERT would retire the credits. If so this would contradict other statements made at the hearing that early action crediting would cut costs through emission trading.""",,0_0
"Some 24 environmental groups signed statements largely supporting the aims of solar developers. National environmental groups joined BrightSource and other solar companies in a letter sent Dec. 14 to the White House, asking the president to continue a federal renewable-energy subsidy.",,0_0
"Fifteen-year-long hiatus periods are common in both historical records and in computer models, the technical summary says. But scientists were caught out in one computer model, 111 of 114 estimates over-stated recent temperature rises.",,5_1
"The term carbon emissions really refers to emissions of carbon dioxide gas but carbon and carbon dioxide are two totally different things. Carbon is a solid (think coal and charcoal) and the central building block of hydrocarbons, whereas carbon dioxide is the gas that all humans and animals exhale and all plants require to grow. Without carbon dioxide, all life on Earth would cease.",,3_3
"The real issue is what steps countries should take to control greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to global warming. At the negotiations in Kyoto, Japan, more than 150 countries have been focusing on targets and timetables."" While such discussions can provide good political theater and photo ops, they miss a fundamental point: Carrying out significant reductions in greenhouse gases will require an institutional capability that simply does not exist now.""",,0_0
"Without directly saying so, the issue posed by Eduardo here, in a Mannian context, is whether the calibrated relationship between the North American PC1 (bristlecones) and the NH temperature PC1, which has a positive correlation even though there is negligible correlation to gridcell temperature, is simply a result of two trends increased temperature and CO2 or other fertilization, or whether it is a bona fide relationship.",,0_0
"I was just as confident as Schmidt that CRUs planned publication would feature a chronology that would be more HS-like than the 2006 regional chronology. After all, CRU had ferociously contested production of their calculation, even under FOI. Osborn argued that release of the 2006 regional chronology would result in:",,0_0
"Mr. Chairman, Mr. Upton, other members of the subcommittee, thank you for the opportunity to appear before you today. I am Lee Lane, a Resident Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. AEI is a non-partisan, non-profit organization conducting research and education on public policy issues. AEI does not adopt organizational positions on the issues that it studies, and the views that I express here are mine, not those of AEI.",,0_0
"It is because there is ambiguity in the evidence that we cannot completely quantify the uncertainty in A. That is, the inability to articulate the precise definition of most people is the reason we cannot exactly quantify the probability of A.",,0_0
"President Obama's January 28, 2014, State of the Union address declared: But the debate is settled. Climate change is a fact. And when our children's children look us in the eye and ask if we did all we could to leave them a safer, more stable world, with new sources of energy, I want us to be able to say yes, we did.""",,0_0
And so who knows how many people have been persuaded by their local priest or bishop to become atheists!,,0_0
Content-Type: multipart/alternative; boundary=? ???-= 129546032497941?,,0_0
"Alex Cull on June 18, 2008 at 12:27 pm",,0_0
"Finally, we are impressed by the administration's pledge to defer to state permitting authorities on several matters of implementation. As the National Governors Association states in its commentary on the need for NSR reform:",,0_0
"In 2006, I met a lady in Mulago Hospital whose son was dying from malaria. The Congress of Racial Equality people I was with asked her if she knew that DDT could help prevent malaria, by keeping diseased mosquitoes from coming into their homes. She said, yes, but DDT is bad for the environment,"" so she opposed using it.""",,0_0
"I've not followed the sea level rise story closely, but my interest was piqued by Morner's lecture at Cambridge a few weeks back. I don't suppose this news will surprise him very much.",,0_0
But he said the Upper Midwest region is getting wetter. Researchers found there is more water vapor in the atmosphere now compared to decades ago.,,0_0
We were told that Austin is growing by 100 to 150 people per day. Per day!,,0_0
"Typhoon Haiyan was one of many typhoons hitting the Philippines every year. While Haiyan was very strong, it was less of a calamity than predicted and not due to climate change.",,1_7
"Because large droplets in clouds scatter sunlight almost uniformly across the spectrum, the clouds themselves can't be the reason why different wavelengths contribute differently to the net cloud effect. Compared to cloud droplets, aerosols are more than 100 times smaller and scatter wavelengths differently. These results suggest that aerosols which not only cause haziness but contribute to cloud formation as well are responsible for the wavelength differences, something researchers need to be aware of as they study clouds in the sky.",,0_0
"The plaintiffs contend that these remunerations were indeed kickbacks since virtually no conditions were placed on the settings of these programs, other than the physicians in question were high decile. In some cases, the programs were cancelled, yet the payments were still made.",,0_0
"Climate divisions werent in use then, so the circa 1934 is likely a straight up average of available stations at press time""",,0_0
"We're in a severe recession, and each of his major proposals is going to",,0_0
"RES now stands to lose an estimated $45 million in federal stimulus funding. This new regulation to a degree pulls the rug out from under us,"" said Scott Piscitello, vice president of development.""",,0_0
"I disagreed with Hantemirovs comments in an inline comment. Although this was only a blog article, I provided considerable detail on the calculation, including turnkey code to generate all graphics and results cited in the post. In addition, I have a good record of responding to requests for clarification. So I didnt and dont accept Hantemirovs criticism. That the later Briffa et al 2013 Yamal chronology was similar to my calculation is further support that I had replicated the most important ingredients of their methodology. Be that as it may, the first part of the sentence reported Hantemirovs intervention and is factually correct.",,0_0
"Several readers have asked me to respond to recent comments about me at Real Climate : briefly, Osborn has made one misrepresentation after another and made statements with seemingly complete indifference as to whether he has any basis for making the claims.",,0_0
"Unfortunately, many media representatives have been unable to depart from their long-loved climate catastrophe. Catastrophes are interesting for readers, viewers and audiences, and they boost ratings and circulation. How on earth would the otherwise empty pages and radio shows be filled if the catastrophe disappeared? As we have been able to show in numerous analyses of recent media reports on the topicof climate at this blog, media reporting is often one-sided, tends to be and is even at times plainly false.",,5_2
"Hessell notes that many New Zealand climatological stations were established about 1930, there being only a few with unchanged sites and unbroken records before that date. The clear implication is that data is just too scarce in the pre-1930 period.",,0_0
"All this is before the Feds actually implement more of the job-killing, family-freezing CO2 limits and other plans they are contemplating. To see what's in store for millions of American businesses and families, one need only look at the planet's sole country that still obstinately clings to its draconian climate change and renewable energy goals, regardless of the costs.",,4_1
"The entire industry of climate science"" was created out of virtually nothing, by means of a massive influx of funding that was almost universally one-sided in its requirement that its recipients find evidence for man-made climate changenot investigate whether or how much mankind had caused climate change.""",,5_2
Florida's $2 Billion for High Speed Rail Goes Elsewhere:,,0_0
"The previous record was 58.8 inches that fell before, during and after the Blizzard of 1978. However, this time, that record was set in 17 days, not 30.'",,0_0
My understanding is: The consensus states that AGW is proven. But the magnitude is still being debated. One of the ways to test the various hypotheses regarding the magnitude is to do data comparisons. This comparison to observation suggests the IPCCs estimates are high.,,0_0
"Justifying his job: Statement by Andrew Steer, Special Envoy for Climate Change, World Bank Group on new Report by the Arctic Monitoring and Assessment Program",,0_0
"The CDM system itself, however, will still be in place, and we will all contribute through its chief source of revenue, the EU's $100-billion-a-year Emissions Trade Scheme (which we pay for in various ways, not least through our electricity bills). We here in Britain also have the special privilege of knowing, as I reported in February, that we are now chipping in 60 million to buy additional CDM credits through our taxes ? so that the politicians and civil servants in government offices can keep warm by continuing to pump out emissions much as before.",,0_0
Hurricane Andrew in 1992 was the last category 5 hurricane to hit the US. Top scientists tell us that global warming makes hurricanes more intense.,,1_7
"The NIPCC experts also challenge the radical notion that carbon dioxide an essential gas exhaled by all humans but relentlessly demonized by the UN and many governments can be considered pollution. Of course, there is no argument over the fact that human emissions of CO2 represent a fraction of one percent of the greenhouse gases present naturally in the atmosphere. But the NIPCC scientists point out that the gas is not only not harmful, it is largely beneficial.",,3_3
"Returns periodically in vogue the never dormant required to bring US President George W Bush even before an International Tribunal to answer various charges of war crimes, dallinvenzione evidence against Saddam Hussein in the series of abuses against prisoners of American soldiers, in Iraq and at Guantanamo Bay, hinted of torture to extract information and confessions from suspected terrorists.",,0_0
Alpine Flora Dynamics in a Warming World (15 Mar 2011) Alpine flora appears to be more adaptive and responsive to climate change than generally believed ... Read More,,3_2
"According to Taylor, the provinces of Ontario, British Columbia, Saskatchewan, and New Brunswick support Alberta's stance on Kyoto, while Quebec, Manitoba and Prince Edward Island are opposed.",,0_0
"Osborn also implies that I should have raised the inadequacy of their data in previous criticisms and that this is moving the goalposts on them. However, the Shiyatov transects were not described in Briffa et al 1995 either. Indeed, Briffa et al 2013 is the first CRU article that comes even close to providing technical information on the sites. My first appreciation of the comprehensiveness of Shiyatovs work came from the relatively recent publications, Shiyatov et al 2011 and Mazepa et al 2011, which I consulted as part of my consideration of Briffa et al 2013, though neither was cited by Briffa. Had I previously realized the comprehensiveness of the Shiyatov dataset, I would have raised the issue earlier.",,0_0
"I am very thankful to all the support that I have received this week, from the Denizens, people on twitter, and email from colleagues.",,0_0
"Yet another global warming alert, when global temperatures are heading down and records for cold are being broken left, right and center. And how long will it be before we read that it wasnt actually global warming, but something else? Its odd, but stories like that never seem to get published I wonder why?",,1_3
"Pass on again to February this year, past the final defeat of the emissions trading bill in the Senate in July 2009, the collapse of the Copenhagen climate talks in December 2009 and the rise of Julia Gillard to the prime ministership in June 2010. On February 10, Tim Flannery was appointed Climate Commissioner presumably to provide a more friendly public face to the government's anti-global warming campaign. Unfortunately, Flannery's Gaia-esque style and his numerous failed climate prognostications undermine the credibility of the commission.",,0_0
"The latest UN IPCC report deleted all references to this temperature standstill from the Summary for Policy Makers, and eliminated an IPCC graph that revealed how every single climate model predicted that average global temperatures would be up to 1.6 F higher than they actually were over the past 22 years. IPCC bureaucrats politicized the science to the point of making their report fraudulent.",,5_2
"Now, just last week, we discover that the new Chief Scientist, Ian Chubb, believes too that scientific consensus . . . provides the best guidance we have for decisions that are informed and rational"", and that ""the science is in on climate change"".""",,0_0
"?Academics must feel comfortable sharing research,? the Post?s board wrote then, ?disagreeing with colleagues and proposing conclusions ? not all of which will be correct ? without fear that those who dislike their findings will conduct invasive fishing expeditions in search of a pretext to discredit them.?",,0_0
A Compelling Description of Water Resources and Global Water Policies,,0_0
The EPA claims more taxpayer-financed energy subsidies will help the poorest families. What about everyone else?,,0_0
"Tuesday the U.S. Government's Global Change Research Program released its latest National Assessment"" report on climate change impacts in the United States.""",,0_0
"* Historic vulnerability to episodes of drought, including two years with zero precipitation 1870-71.",,0_0
"What's the Strange, Snake-Like Image Captured by Radar Off the Australian Coast?",,0_0
The Climate Change Agenda Needs to Adapt to Reality,,0_0
"Unsurprisingly, the BBC refuse to tell the whole story. The wood recycling plant is actually used for turning wood into biomass pellets for use at a biomass power station at Sheffield , about 20 miles away, and which is due to open soon.",,0_0
"Crank of the Week January 23, 2015 Barack Obama",,0_0
UPDATE: Shub Niggurath suggests that no peer reviewed science references existed in first and second order IPCC drafts:,,5_2
"Google is investing $168 million in an alternative power project that aims to produce enough solar energy to light 140,000 homes.",,0_0
"NREL made the most noise regarding the latter, upset that the Spaniards refused to use the input-output (or Leontief) methodology designed for central planning, in which all is assumed to be knowable, controllable, and static. This method has been discredited outside of social democratic government agencies and select associations. Instead, the Spanish study relied upon methodology employed by real-world businesses in competitive fields when deciding how to deploy resources which is not non-traditional,"" as claimed by NREL.""",,0_0
"A number of air quality sites measured values of small particulates at unhealthy levels, particularly for those vulnerable to their effects (asthmatics, those with heart or lung disease, etc.). I was standing along the shores of Lake Washington last night and a smoky, sulfurous miasma was evident, both from commercial fireworks and from the numerous individual displays. (And this is with fireworks being ILLEGAL in much of the area!!) I believe this was a particularly bad air quality year from fireworks, for reasons I will explain.",,0_0
"In the past hundred years, the instrumentalization of Islam has been a recurrent temptation on the part of every rising power, be it Wilhemine Germany or Imperial Japan, Nazi Germany or Soviet Russia, not to mention America itself. As the latest rising power, China itself would not be immune to that temptation even if it were energy self-sufficient. The fact that China's energy needs are huge guarantees that the constitution of a Sino-Islamic axis is for Beijing not just a tactical option, but a strategic necessity.12",,0_0
"In comparison to water in all of its forms, the effect of the carbon dioxide increase over the last century on the temperature of the earth is about as significant as a few farts in a hurricane!",,2_3
"Thanks to the revelations of the Climategate e-mails, we now have a more skeptical view about the process which is used to vet publications. We know now that peer-review, once considered by many as the gold-standard, can be manipulatedand in fact has been manipulated by a gang of UK and US climate scientists who have been very open about their aim to keep dissenting views from being published. We also know from the same e-mails that editors can be bullied by determined activists.",,5_2
Breast cancer surgeon Kathryn Wagner has posted a warning in her waiting room about a different sort of risk to patients' health: She'll stop taking new Medicare cases if Congress allows looming cuts in doctors' pay to go through.,,0_0
"In the meantime, the natural gas boom has led to cleaner power and greater energy independence. Thats why my Administration will keep cutting red tape and speeding up new oil and gas permits. But I also want to work with this Congress to encourage the research and technology that helps natural gas burn even cleaner and protects our air and water.",,4_5
> >> of use to decision-makers. But this does not undermine your,,0_0
"On 22 September, the winter maximum ice sheet extent across the Antarctic reached its greatest area since satellite measurement of the ice extent began in 1979 .",,1_1
San Francisco's big push for low-flow toilets has turned into a multimillion-dollar plumbing stink.,,0_0
Projected global trend: 0.3 F/decade,,0_0
"The Danish Meteorological Institute has been tracking Arctic ice extent since 2005. They use the more meaningful30% concentration standard, and as of today show 2010 as the highest on record for the date.",,1_1
"* Surveys of young people's attitudes towards the environment show, on the surface, a reduced commitment to the environment. But they could also show that young people are more satisfied than earlier generations with progress on the environment.",,0_0
"In short, the country would be better served if NSR were changed to clarify and make more certain the scope of the routine maintenance exclusion and the method used to measure future emissions. Even better would be a move away from the costly and often counterproductive style of end-of-the-pipe regulation represented by NSR.",,0_0
"Those increases reflect soaring demand for electricity, up by 36%, which in turn fostered a 47% increase in coal consumption. (Natural-gas use increased by 29% while oil use grew by 13%.) Carbon-dioxide emissions are growing because people around the world understand the essentiality of electricity to modernity. And for many countries, the cheapest way to produce electrons is by burning coal.",,0_0
"In particular, what is it telling us about the social status and perceived authority of scientific claims about climate change?",,0_0
"Nature is dominated by negative feedbacks ??? a reason to expect that the climate sensitivity is smaller than, not larger than, the no-feedback value of 1.2 ??C per CO2 doubling. Why are negative feedbacks more common? It's simple. They're a property of stable points in the landscape of possibilities, in the configuration spaces of complicated physical systems. There can also be unstable points in the landscape where unstable feedbacks may be the kings but because they are unstable, the system usually finds its reason to evolve away from them and end in a more stable situation where the negative feedbacks prevail.",,3_1
"Rockst m and his co-authors are a prime example of what Roger Pielke, Jr., calls stealth issue advocates,"" a role ""characterized by the expert who seeks to hide his/her advocacy behind a facade of science."" Stealth advocacy, Pielke says, is ""the fastest route to pathologically politicizing science. It is also what gives scientists as advocates a bad name.""",,0_0
could ultimately get it extended. The official recalled the president,,0_0
"This comes on the heels of a review of the ICESat satellite data from 1992 to 2008, which showed a net gain in ice mass in Antarctica.",,1_1
"Ice in the Barents and Kara Seas is above normal now, and they will come up with a completely different serious sounding explanation for the harsh weather.",,1_1
"So many good intentions were packed into the encyclical, how could the Lama go wrong?",,0_0
"Human-induced global warming is real, according to a recent U.S. survey based on the opinions of 3,146 scientists. However there remain divisions between climatologists and scientists from other areas of earth sciences as to the extent of human responsibility.",,0_0
"Lewis and Curry arrive at their lower equilibrium climate sensitivity estimate by using updated compilations of the earths observed temperature change, oceanic heat uptake, and the magnitude of human emissions, some of which should cause warming (e.g., greenhouse gases), while the others should cool (e.g., sulfate aerosols). They try to factor out natural variability. By comparing values of these parameters from the mid-19 century to now, they can estimate how much the earth warmed in association with human greenhouse gas emissions.",,3_1
"EXAMPLE: WHY DIDNT THE CONSENSUS OF REGIONAL CLIMATE MODELS PREDICT TIMING, EXTENT AND DURATION OF THE CALIFORNIA DROUGHT?",,5_1
"The Arctic sea ice concentration reached its minimum around September 15th this year. Figure 2, below, from the Polar Research Group at the University of Illinois, shows the distribution of ice in the Arctic on that day. As you can see, the North Pole was not even close to being ice free. Figure 3 shows the Arctic Basin sea ice area for the last 365 days. Note that in mid-September the the sea ice area anomaly for the Arctic Basin was about negative 0.75 million square kilometers, but there were still 2.5 million square kilometers of ice yet to melt. Again, not even close to zero.",,1_1
"I have some doubts whether the dual AdS-like description of condensed matter physics and related problems may ever be considered an ultimate reliable description"". But string theory surely gives us a new perspectives from which one may look at various physical situations and Subir Sachdev is among those who are exploiting these new opportunities very often.""",,0_0
"We are using 50% more resources than the Earth can sustainably produce, and unless we change course, that number will grow fastby 2030, even two planets will not be enough, says Jim Leape, director general of the World Wide Fund for Nature International (formerly the World Wildlife Fund).""",,0_0
"14. Nowhere,"" the Ehrlichs write, ""could delegated delegation be more important and spare politicians more pain, than in areas of fundamental constraints,"" 308.""",,0_0
"I suspect that the current trend will break, as all trends do. Warming is hardly excluded by the current data. As I have said repeatedly, warming is not rejected by this data. In fact, pre-existing 30 year trends are not excluded by the current data.",,0_0
"These are important scientific questions which have either been poorly, or not at all, examined in climate assessments such as the IPCC and CCSP reports. Clearly, we need to move beyond such assessments that are written by individuals who are mostly evaluating their own research. Policymakers are poorly served by this inbred assessment framework by the scientific community.",,0_0
"In completing his analysis, Boretti thus concludes, quite logically, that the rise of sea level in the bay of Sydney by 2100 is therefore more likely less than the 50 mm measured so far over the last 100 years, rather than the meter predicted by some models,"" the latter of which would appear to be the source of ""inspiration"" for the Australian government's pronouncements.""",,1_6
"Vsevolod Gavrilov, head of the department of natural resources at the Russian Economic Development and Trade Ministry, said, We will try to ratify the pact within a year, but we cannot make it by the time the World Summit on Sustainable Development is held.""",,0_0
"On the military side, the importance of the maritime dimension begins with the fact that, for all the talk about airlift capabilities, 90 percent of military lift remains sealift. But what is more noteworthy about the post-Cold War period is the fact that the decline of maritime domain awareness"" within the Atlantic Alliance took place precisely at the time when globalization was significantly increasing the importance of the maritime dimension on the commercial side (85 percent of world trade volume and 60 percent of oil and gas travels by sea) and of maritime security, all too often confused with and reduced to maritime safety.""",,0_0
"I bring this last issue up, not to come to any conclusion about Moscow or the validity of the adjustments, but to emphasize the fragmented and complex nature of most long-term temperature records. The fact that we can take a 100-year trend of the Moscow data doesn??t mean that there is any meaning in that trend. The effects of a ring of slow-growing trees around the site, and a city behind the trees, plus a station move, make any measurements of the long-term Moscow trend speculative at best.",,5_1
"Steig says that surface temperatures are reliable, yet GISS has massively altered them over the past decade. In fact, GISShas nearly doubled reported 1880 to 2000 warming since their 2003 version. They have altered the data so much, they had to stretch the scale at both ends to fit their alterationson to the graph. This is not reliable data.",,5_1
"The released material is not highly sensitive. So one wonders why the government bothered to redact it in the first placeand fought its release in court for over a year. Upon assuming office, Holdren's boss, President Obama, and his attorney general, Eric Holder, issued guidance telling agencies not to withhold information just because they can, or based on technicalities, and to err on the side of disclosure, rather than secrecy. As Holder once noted, On his first full day in office, January 21, 2009, President Obama issued a memorandum to the heads of all departments and agencies on the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA). The President directed that FOIA ""should be administered with a clear presumption: In the face of doubt, openness prevails.'""",,0_0
"That wasn't the end of it. Dr. Carlin was then directed not to spend any more EPA time on climate change, and was even forbidden to speak with anyone outside the agency regarding endangerment issues.",,0_0
"I wish I could disagree with him, but I can't find fault in what Mark Steyn is saying . Is it not mind-boggling that after the conservative Tea Party revolution in the Republican Party that the two leading contenders ending up being Mitt Romney and Newt Gingrich? Related: The gents at Ricochet discuss the situation with Glenn Reynolds.",,0_0
"Normally, El Nio results in diminished hurricanes in the Atlantic, but this new type is resulting in a greater number of hurricanes with greater frequency and more potential to make landfall, said Peter Webster, professor at Georgia Techs School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences.",,0_0
A Perspective on Weather and Climate Science by S. Raghavan,,0_0
Whether this is a serious blow to global warming alarmists depends entirely on who you talk to.,,5_2
"WASHINGTONIn an unexpected judicial turnaround, the Supreme Court this week reversed its 2000 ruling in the landmark case of Bush v. Gore, stripping George W. Bush of his earlier political victory, and declaring Albert Arnold Gore the 43rd president of the United States of America. The court, which called its original decision to halt manual recounts in Florida a ruling made in haste, voted unanimously on Wednesday in favor of the 2000 Democratic nominee. Gore will serve as commander in chief from Dec. 10 to Jan. 20.",,0_0
World Bank Appoints Andrew Steer as Special Envoy for Climate Change,,0_0
"The biggest story in American politics today is this: Andrew Jackson is mad as hell, and he's not going to take it anymore.",,0_0
"Of course, the warmists early on coined the term deniers, associated sceptics with death trains, accused them of genocide, threatened them with war crimes tribunals and produced a video showing even children being blown to pieces if they doubted dangerous man-made climate change.",,5_2
It must be said that such an assessment is premature. Eventually lowering tariffs on around 95 per cent of Australian exports to China seems like a big deal. But whether Australian businesses can negotiate the raft of regulatory and other ad hoc barriers periodically placed in front of foreign firms remains to be seen.,,0_0
"President Obama and environmentalists often say America should follow Europe's lead on energy, climate and economic matters.",,0_0
"Anagnostopoulos, G. G., D. Koutsoyiannis, A. Christofides, A. Efstratiadis, and N. Mamassis, (2010). A comparison of local and aggregated climate model outputs with observed data, Hydrological Sciences Journal , 55: 7, 1094 1110",,0_0
"There is little to indicate any upturn in global manufacturing, and global inflation vs deflation fears look more or less in balance (thus the precious metals being flat / down).",,0_0
"NOAA shows that 2012 was the most extreme weather year in US history, despite the fact that there was little extreme weather last year other than Sandy which isnt included in the index. According to their fake index, 2012 was almost three times as extreme as the very extreme year of 1936 . Their claim is almost entirely based on very mild temperatures during the winter and spring of 2012. which they are trying to pass off as extreme.",,1_7
"According to a new paper based upon obedient computer models, global warming could result in an increase in the frequency of wildfires. However, data from both the US and Canada show that the number of wildfires has declined over the past 40-50 years of global warming, and that the number of wildfires was higher during the global cooling scare of the 1970's.",,1_7
"Stringent limitations on tiny particles less than 2.5 microns in diameter (PM2.5), like those found in diesel exhaust and dust, are based on what Nobel prize-winning physicist Richard Feyman called cargo cult science fake science that looks like science. This develops when government money is lavishly given to people in the academy to support a political agenda built on a false threat of public harm, Dunn writes.",,0_0
"It was presented as fact. The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, led by India's very own RK Pachauri, even announced a consensus on it. The world was heating up and humans were to blame. A pack of lies, it turns out.",,0_0
"Clearly, the pattern in which stations are being opened and closed is not this self-evident so most of the change cancels out. But 3 ??C is a lot. If 1/5 of this worst-estimate error isn't canceled, you may cancel the whole 20th century global warming"". More realistically, if the real effect from this shift within rectangles is 1/10 of the maximum, you will reduce the 20th century warming to 1/2 of its reported value.""",,5_1
"Europe Storm Surge, 1953. One of Europes greatest natural disasters occurred during the winter months of January and February 1953. Violent winter storms caused storm surges which caused flooding in areas of the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Almost 2,000 people perished due to these storm surges.",,0_0
17j. The ability of regional climate models to model extreme events for the next 50 years,,0_0
"Silly me, I thought the point of worrying about sea level rise was the concern about sea-rising compared to the beaches, what??s the point of building a levee to keep out the water if the beaches are rising as well?",,1_6
"Instead of flattering tree huggers, it?s time we stopped all this nature-worshipping and added some real fuel to the climate-change debate.",,0_0
"Lord Lipsey, chairman of the Parliamentary Group on Statistics, has fired a shot across the bows of Damian Carrington, accusing him of making wild claims about the climate without citing any sources:",,0_0
"This one is about 13 minutes of off the deep end conspiracy theory talk, but the video of the cars and lots (repeated) is rather good. Much easier to see the non-random nature of the distribution of car types.",,0_0
"The recent cooling in the atmosphere does not demonstrate that global warming has stopped for multi-year time periods. It does, however,highlight a major failing in that the multi-decadal global model predictions (and even the seasonal weahter prediction models)have predicted no such behavoir.",,5_1
"Consider Hamas's victory in the Gaza and West Bank elections of 2006, and the subsequent takeover of Gaza by the terrorist group. Rather than produce a general collapse of moderate Palestinian camps, the PA instead reacted in a mature fashion, concluding that its own failure to deliver the promised peace had been the source of many of its political problems and recognizing the benefits of cooperating with Israel. The resulting payoff came quickly: even during the high-intensity Israeli incursion into Gaza and the emotions it spawned, the West Bank remained calm, a tribute to the new security arrangements.",,0_0
"To chal- lenge against wind power in rural areas are based on the visual experience, ie, they frfular landscape, or str experience of the landscape is probably obvious from many of those affected. The aesthetic dimension is often brushed aside by nringen as taste. No. Now chal- lenge out in settlements is growing and that FSL become an important factor framstr it is increasingly clear that this frga must be discussed more.",,0_0
I would say before this decade ends because what is GOING to happen is the global temperature trend is going to be in a definitive down turn due to prolonged minimum solar conditions and the associated secondary effects.,,1_2
"Now, there isn't a man or woman in Washington that hasn't engaged in a little ex post facto justification of a bad or cowardly decision. But most don't try to elevate their fecklessness into constitutional doctrine. Because what Obama is saying is that suddenly, he cared about Congress. This from a man who unilaterally made deals with Iran and Cuba and who has governed almost exclusively by executive order and regulatory power, rather than through the legislature. Better still, Obama professes himself very proud of this moment.""",,0_0
"At a World Economic Forum in Davos, Vclav Klaus observed that all the participants of the meeting took man-made global warming for granted and convinced of its dangerous consequences. Politicians fully subscribe to the idea that the Intergovernmental Panel Climate Change (IPCC) publications represent ""the"" climate science. We know that is not true and that there is no scientific discipline of climate science "", said Klaus.""",,0_0
IPCC Climate Science Is Fundamentally Wrong: Carbon Footprint is All Wet,,0_0
"A family of technologies, known collectively as geoengineering', might provide an added tool for adaptation. The idea behind them is simple. When sunlight strikes the Earth's surface, greenhouse gases in the atmosphere trap some of the heat that is generated. A slight decrease in the amount of sunlight reaching the Earth's surface could, in principle, offset this warming. Scientists estimate that deflecting a small portion of the total sunlight that strikes the Earth back into space would be enough to cancel out the warming effect of doubling the pre-industrial levels of greenhouse gases.""",,0_0
"Much has changed in the last century, but in all cases the key to freeing us from these strictures has been widespread, affordable energy. A permanent flow of electricity has powered an explosion in wealth that has enabled millions to livelong Uniting lives free from Crushing hardship. The condition of life is no longer nasty, brutish and short.",,0_0
"Once more, the relationship in Figure 3 illustrates that multidecadal variations in the frequency and magnitude of El Nio and La Nia events cause the multidecadal changes in SST anomalies. But how do I verify that this is the case, and how do I illustrate it for those without science backgrounds? Again, for those who need to brush up on El Nio and La Nina events, refer to the post An Introduction To ENSO, AMO, and PDO Part 1 .",,2_1
"Particular concerns have been raised about ?? the high latitude Eurasian trees (which have and anomalously low growth anomaly in the late 20th century ??? Tornetraesk, Fennoscandia, Yamal, Northern Urals in Table 1)",,5_1
"The second reason to discuss greenhouse gas emissions in a diet and nutrition report would be to dispel the notion that through your choice of food you can do something"" about climate change. In this context, it would be appropriate to provide a quantitative example of how the dietary changes recommended by the DGAC would potentially impact projections of the future course""",,0_0
Increased flooding awash in global warming hype,,0_0
"But wait! Just when you thought life couldn't get more dangerous, and thank the lord for EPA, the agency changed its rules and health advisories though not its regulations for permissible particulate levels.",,0_0
"The year The Heartland Institute started promoting education savings accounts, 1992, we also entered the national debate over health care reform by publishing a book titled Why We Spend Too Much on Health Care ... And What We Can Do About It. That book was widely credited with helping defeat Hillarycare,"" Hillary Clinton's plan to nationalize the nation's health care system.""",,0_0
Fax: +61 (0)8 9881 5585,,0_0
"In conclusion, the EPA Endangerment findings is the culmination of a several year effort for a small group of climate scientists and others to use their positions as lead authors on the IPCC, CCSP and NRC reports to promote a political agenda.",,5_2
"The economic potential of unleashing America's energy resources is tremendous. To achieve these gains, Congress and the next Administration should:",,0_0
"Since 1985, the overall trend has been +0.3F per decade, about half of the IPCC projection. Since 2000, the trend has been -3F per decade ??? four times greater than the IPCC projection, and in the opposite direction!",,1_2
"His success is manifest. For nearly 30 years, politicians have labored to define themselves in the light of his legacy. Even President Obama was said he wants to be transformative like Reagan. Thanks to him, conservative sentiments are today stronger among the American people than at any time since the Great Depression.",,0_0
Firearm Legislation and Firearm-Related Fatalities in the United States,,0_0
"To avoid having the Senate vote on her nomination (as the Constitution's Appointments Clause clearly requires for such presidential appointees), which might result in her nomination being defeated, the administration has formally appointed her not to be Director of the Bureau (the position she will in fact be exercising), but rather to two other White House and Treasury Department positions that did not historically require Senate confirmation positions from which she will informally control the Bureau. In essence, President Obama is circumventing constitutional checks and balances, as Yale Law Professor Bruce Ackerman, a staunch liberal, notes today in The Wall Street Journal.",,0_0
"RFK, Jr. Wants Me Jailed as a War Criminal!",,0_0
We Can't Say For Sure That The 1929 Flood Was Caused By The Prohibition,,0_0
"I said that global warming is the fact that the world has warmed somewhat, perhaps one degree F, in the past 150 years. The cause of the warming is mostly natural forces, since mankind has not placed much CO2 in the air until the past four decades.",,2_1
The board points out that the only factor that humans can affect is the composition of the atmosphere. But the Earth has always been affected by the amount of energy coming from the sun that reaches the planet. And for several million years changes in the Earths orbit called Milankovitch cycles have caused cycles of global warming and cooling. Were humans changing the composition of the atmosphere millions of years ago?,,2_1
Svenmark's cosmic ray theory of climate is only one of many solar amplification mechanisms described in the peer-reviewed literature.,,2_1
"This years ice on the Hudson Bay is not only doubling and tripling previous years, but quadrupling some years as well,says reader Ralph Fato. Rapid Ice increase in the past week.",,1_1
"With many zoos and aquariums now working with conservation organizations and financed by individuals who feel strongly about threatened habitats and species, managers have been wrestling with how aggressive to be in educating visitors on the perils of climate change.",,0_0
"On August 5, 2015, an EPA-hired crew negligently reopened the Gold King Mine above Silverton, Colorado and unleashed a 3,000,000-gallon toxic flashflood that contaminated rivers all the way to Lake Powell in Utah. EPA waited an entire day before notifying the public, offered apologies but only minimal compensation, refused to fire, fine or demote anyone and issued a report that whitewashed the agency's incompetence and even scrubbed the names of EPA on-site coordinator Hayes Griswold and his team.",,0_0
"$11,000 for a minor scrape on the rear panel, including a $155 charge to ensure battery remains charged during the repair",,0_0
"Until the 1990s, scientists thought that the Alps glaciers had been more or lessconsistentlyintact and only began retreating after the end of the Little Ice Age. Schlchters findings showed thatglacial retreats of the past also had been profound.",,2_1
"Divine Intervention: Drilling Boom Revives Hope for Natural Gas, Prices Fall By 42% in Two Months""",,0_0
"Indeed, coming after three of the last four years being the coldest since 1996, the warmth in 2014 is no more than a reflection of the weather.",,1_4
"Indeed, much of our new-found energy is drawn from lands and waters that we, the public, own together. So tonight, I propose we use some of our oil and gas revenues to fund an Energy Security Trust that will drive new research and technology to shift our cars and trucks off oil for good. If a non-partisan coalition of CEOs and retired generals and admirals can get behind this idea, then so can we. Lets take their advice and free our families and businesses from the painful spikes in gas prices weve put up with for far too long. Im also issuing a new goal for America: lets cut in half the energy wasted by our homes and businesses over the next twenty years. The states with the best ideas to create jobs and lower energy bills by constructing more efficient buildings will receive federal support to help make it happen.",,0_0
"Now throw in the transcendental issue. On Sept. 11, 2001, United Flight 93 was headed for the Capitol Dome; if it had not crashed in Pennsylvania, it would have struck at around the same time as the plane that hit the Pentagon. The House was in session doing morning business; the devastation could easily have killed or incapacitated more than half the Members. With no ability to replace them until special elections months in the future, and with the Constitution explicitly requiring half the Members to do any official business, the result would have been no Congress, and the equivalent of martial law, at the most dangerous time in modern memory.",,0_0
"Ridley's smoking gun"" is a paper last week in Science Magazine by two scientists Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung, which Ridley somehow believes refutes all previous climate science. Ridley quotes a sentence fragment from the press release suggesting that roughly half of the global warming in the last three decades of the past century (1970-2000) was due to global warming and half to a natural Atlantic Ocean cycle. He then states that ""the man-made warming of the past 20 years has been so feeble that a shifting current in one ocean was enough to wipe it out altogether,"" and ""That to put the icing on the case of good news, Xianyao Chen and Ka-Kit Tung think the Atlantic Ocean may continue to prevent any warming for the next two decades.""",,2_1
"As a result, at higher CO2 concentrations, plants can better cope under conditions of drought, thereby vastly improving their productivity and growth as opposed to conditions experienced under lower CO2.",,3_3
"It would appear that the relationship the IPCC has with its expert reviewers borders on the abusive. FIrst it asks these people to volunteer their time in good faith. Then it gives its authors the right to dismiss their input with nothing more than a single word: rejected. While expert reviewers are expected to comply with the IPCCs deadlines, this organization feels no need to respect such deadlines itself. Instead, it nonchalantly adds in, after the fact, arguments and source materials these reviewers had no opportunity to asses.",,5_2
"A new paper to be published in Ethics, Policy & Environment proposes a series of biomedical modifications that could help humans, themselves, consume less. Some of the proposed modifications are simple and noninvasive. For instance, many people wish to give up meat for ecological reasons, but lack the willpower to do so on their own. The paper suggests that such individuals could take a pill that would trigger mild nausea upon the ingestion of meat, which would then lead to a lasting aversion to meat-eating. Other techniques are bound to be more controversial. For instance, the paper suggests that parents could make use of genetic engineering or hormone therapy in order to birth smaller, less resource-intensive children.",,0_0
"Now former Vice President Al Gore has been nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for his work on global warming. If he wins that and the Academy Award for his documentary based on his Power Point presentation, just think what his resume will look like. Who knows he may run for president.",,0_0
"Unfortunately for the modelers, they underestimated the warming of the surface of the extratropical North Atlantic (Figure 10), and overestimated the warming in the extratropical North Pacific (Figure 11), though the differences are not badcompared to whatweve seen elsewhere.",,5_1
"A second objection has to do with the Second Law of Thermodynamics. It is claimed that since the greenhouse effect depends partly upon cooler upper layers of the atmosphere emitting infrared radiation toward the warmer, lower layers of the atmosphere, that this violates the 2nd Law, which (roughly speaking) says that energy must flow from warmer objects to cooler objects, not the other way around.",,2_3
"According to its most recent filings with the U.S. Department of Labor, 1199's annual budget is about $185 million, derived mostly from members' $18 to $75 monthly dues. Adjusted for inflation, annual revenues between 2002 and 2014 grew from $118 million to $180 million as the union's membership ballooned from 225,000 to 354,000, mainly through mergers with other unions.",,0_0
"I find the author to be right on target when he remarks that ?if the UK wishes to back its leadership claim in the global climate change debate, its target should be in terms not of greenhouse gas production, but of greenhouse gas consumption? (p. 57). With this, the author says that it?s no great achievement to outsource all industrial production to China, import the majority of things British people consume from China, and then criticize China for having excessive CO2 emissions.",,0_0
"Styf et al . report that (1) the rate of yolk consumption per day, as a measure of embryonic development rate, significantly increased with temperature,"" that (2) lower pH ""had no effect on development rate,"" that (3) ""pH had no effect on heart rate,"" that (4) ""there was no interaction between pH and temperature,"" that (5) ""there was no significant effect of temperature on oxidative stress when analyzed independent of embryonic age,"" that (6) ""there was a significantly higher level of oxidative stress in the control embryos compared with the embryos developed in low pH,"" and that (7) they ""observed no mortality nor abnormalities.""",,3_2
"The climate science field, and the broader community of academics, have received an enormous black eye as a result of defending the hockey stick and his behavior. Its time to increase the integrity of climate research particularly with regards to increasing transparency, calling out irresponsible advocacy, and truly promoting academic freedom so that scientists are free to pursue research without fear of recriminations from the gatekeepers and consensus police.",,0_0
"The basic idea is to take the MIN-MAX average for the day, difference it from a base value for your crop, then sum up how many heat units you have as a running total. For each crop there is a total number that says Im Ripe Now and you must reach that number before you run out of growing season. As the total racks up, it also lets you know how soon to schedule the harvesting crews. Not too surprisingly, various insects also develop based on degree days and emerge as pests right on queue with plant growth stages.",,0_0
"Hearing: Full Committee: Vice President's Al Gore's perspective on global warming, Wenesday march 21, 2007.",,0_0
"The second thing Democrats should do is to accept the possibility of defeat on the floor as something short of a disaster. The biggest failing of the GOP in the 109th was an unwillingness to lose no matter what. Of course, you don't want to lose, and can't afford to lose on some basic important issues and priorities. But in other cases, amendments can be constructive or no great disaster (and in some cases, amendments the majority doesn't like can be allowed to pass and jettisoned in conference).",,0_0
Climate sensitivity estimated from the is 1.1 0.4 C ...compared with the IPCC central value of 3 C.,,3_1
"They argued that Democrats' previous victories in congressional and state elections wouldn't continue indefinitely, as conservative Southerners would start to vote Republican.",,0_0
"The Chronicles lengthy editorial, No denying makes three major points, one sound and the two unsound. Yes, the scientific method requires openness and honesty, something that Climategate has revealed to be absent among top U.S. and international climate scientists who were behind the influential United Nations/Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change climate reports.",,0_0
"When we look at the temperature profile of the air, we see a cold lower level, and a nice about zero layer a bit above 40 km (and above the max ozone). What this says to me is that we have a very simple existence proof that the CO2 in the troposphere is rather irrelevant. Convection takes the heat right past it, up to that stratosphere level, where it is then radiated at high altitude.",,2_3
"At a candidate forum here last week, Representative Baron P. Hill, a threatened Democratic incumbent in a largely conservative southern Indiana district, was endeavoring to explain his unpopular vote for the House cap-and-trade energy bill.",,0_0
"It is important to recognize that the relationship between slow growth and growth skepticism is not straightforward. Hostility to growth never became the mainstream outlook in the 1930s, even though the Great Depression was much more severe than today's downturn. Although some drew conservative lessons from the experience, most came to favor more ambitious attempts to tackle the problems of the time. There is certainly ample room to criticize President Franklin Delano Roosevelt's New Deal, but at least it represented an attempt to tackle the crisis rather than a capitulation to economic collapse.",,0_0
"Alarm, Alarm. Lets increase the growth of data. Or, to speak like Honecker (leader of former communist regime East Germany): Always higher, never lower! And if its not possible to increase the current data, then lets just reduce the data of the past. Just like some climate scientists also want to reduce the temperature of the hottest year since instrumental measurements began, namely 1998, just so that this decade can once again appear to be on the rise. Or just like Michael Mann tried with his infamous hockey stick but failed.",,5_2
He frklarade to Energiewende described as a failure abroad and that if Germany closes its coal plants now they liberated issue certificates to migrate to other countries.,,0_0
"We should not judge political motivation or intention, but we do need to look at actual outcomes. ... he United States has made great progress thus far, even if not orchestrated, without federal policy or agency rules.",,0_0
"Bottom line: It really looks that the third runway has significantly warmed summer temperatures at the airport. Thus, one must be really careful in assuming that any warming there is the result of some kind of greenhouse gas influence.",,5_1
Is there any good news for the environment among Evangelicals? guest post by Ken Wilson,,0_0
"The alarmism of Sir David King, the British government's chief scientific adviser, has become even more hysterical in recent days. Not content with repeatedly calling global warming a bigger threat than terrorismeven after the Madrid attacks of March 11and publicly criticizing the U. S. administration, he has now gone, as the British say, completely off the deep end.""",,5_2
Figure 4. Projection of climate changes of the last century and past 500 years into the future. The black curve is temperature variation from 1900 to 2009; the red line is the IPCC projected warming from the IPCC website in 2000; the blue curves are several possible projections of climate change to 2040+ based on past global cooling periods (1945-1977; 1880 to 1915; and 1790 to 1820). The lack of sun spots during the past solar cycle has surpassed all records since the Dalton Minimum and some solar physicists have suggested we may be headed for a Dalton or Maunder type mimimum with severe cooling.,,1_2
"People have this idea that sailing is cheap, because of the low fuel costs. But blue-water sailors have a saying that goes like this:",,0_0
Y2Kyoto: The Duluth To Sault Ste Marie Great Prius Race,,0_0
The climate models can explain neither the past nor the present. It is far from obvious that policymakers should have faith in their predictions about the future.,,5_1
"The National Weather Service's primary seasonal prediction system, CFSv2, is based on running weather/ocean forecast models out 9 months. Its forecast is emphatic and confident (see below): a strong El Nino will develop this summer and extend into next winter.",,0_0
"But the baseless bullying apparently works. People like Flannery and Hamilton use it against everyone who dares speak against the reigning cult. The term denier is not scientific, not good English, and not even appropriate name-calling, but every news outlet repeats it, as if it were a term of taxonomy.",,0_0
"both ISCCP satellite data and NCEP/NCAR reanalysis data for at least the last 20 years suggesting that small fluctuations in solar activity may be linked to changes in the Earths atmosphere via a relationship between the GCR flux and cloud cover; such a connection may amplify small changes in solar activity. In addition, a GCR cloud relationship may also act in conjunction with other likely solar terrestrial relationships concerning variations in solar UV (Haigh, 1996) and total solar irradiance (Meehl et al., 2009). The climatic forcings resulting from such solar terrestrial links may have had a significant impact on climate prior to the onset of anthropogenic warming, accounting for the presence of solar cycle relationships detectable in palaeoclimatic records (e.g.,Bond et al., 2001; Neff et al., 2001; Mauas et al., 2008).",,2_1
"Policy makers, elected and otherwise, like to suppose the far future can be forecast with such precision that we should today engage concrete expenditures and policies to make that clear future happen sooner. Permit me to paraphrase Mark Twain's famously irreverent observation about Congressmen: Suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a forecaster. But then I repeat myself.",,0_0
"Meanwhile, environmental activists, western powers and UN agencies dictate what issues are important and use them to keep us poor and deprived: Manmade climate change, no GMO foods, no DDT to prevent malaria, using wind and solar power and never building coal, natural gas, or nuclear power plants. This is a criminal trick that denies us our basic rights to affordable energy, jobs, and modern living standards.",,0_0
Date: 11/06/ 2013 Dr David Whitehouse,,0_0
"Because the sea surface temperatures for that dataset cool during the 9- and 11-year periods between the major El Nio events, and because the sea surface temperatures there warm only during the major El Nio events, and because the long-term data shows a significant warming trend, then one might conclude the major El Nio events are responsible for all of the long-term warming of the South Atlantic, Indian and West Pacific Oceans. Its not an unreasonable conclusion. In fact, thats what the data shows.",,2_1
"As Food Riots Continue, Finance Ministers Criticize Ethanol Subsidies",,0_0
"America is now engaged in a significant reappraisal of foreign policy, true to Ike's first warning. Our challenge now is to take to heart, to defend ourselves against the utopian quest to remake the world not only abroad, but at home as well. With equal fervor, we need to heed Ike's second warning, to gird ourselves for the fight against the equally utopian crusade led by that other complex the scientific-technocratic elite to forcibly create Heaven on Earth.",,0_0
"That might be enough, he adds, to disqualify Gingrich from the Republican nomination.",,0_0
"President Obama's recipe for economic recovery and re-emergent innovation, as laid out in Tuesday evening's State of the Union address, may leave many Americans unmoved. One thing, however, is clear.",,0_0
"The administration has handed out $2.4 billion in grants to the EV sector, as well as nearly $2.6 billion in loans. None of those bets has paid off. Car buyers are staying away from all-electric vehicles in droves. And yet, for some reason, Romney avoided the subject in the debate.",,4_2
"Climate change trumps property rights? A troubling precedent.""",,0_0
"EU emissions from international aviation are increasing fast doubling since 1990 as air travel becomes cheaper without its environmental costs being addressed, according to the EC.",,0_0
"The latest WikiLeaks dump contains plenty of insider dirt on John Podesta, the founder of the Center for American Progress and the campaign manager for Hillary Clinton. Perhaps the tawdriest story to be exposed by Podesta's pilfered e-mails is the bragging by an employee of ThinkProgress, an arm of the Center for American Progress, about how they got Roger Pielke Jr.'s scalp.",,0_0
"What do you think? Watch the Audi ad, and post a comment!",,0_0
Yet another reason that climate change may be more complicated than you think,,0_0
People who say things like that shouldvolunteerto live there. The entire summer was below normal temperatures in the high Arctic (as it has been for the last dozen years) and parts of Alaska and Siberia had one of their coldest winters and summers on record.,,0_0
"The Christian Science Monitor joins the NYTimes, WSJ, IBD and Rollingstone Magazine and comes out today against corn ethanol, the state religion"": Corn. There's nothing like eating it right off the cob at a picnic. It's also great as flakes, fritters, or a muffin. And it's feed for livestock. But there's one thing corn should not be: A solution for global warming or a way to reduce America's dependency on foreign oil. To take corn out of cereal bowls and put it into our gas tanks isn't an answer to global warming.""",,0_0
"Owen Hopkins teaches children from Tuloso Midway elementary in Corpus Christi, TX about global cooling and warming and how it relates to the movie Ice Age.",,0_0
"Fortunately the antidote for this stink is straightforward: think with your own head. What was in the research paper that made the savages so upset? Check the research, but leave the scientists themselves alone!",,0_0
"However, he has an interesting inlgg on his blog about something else, nmligen whether the IPCC's forecasts still str itself. He notes that virtually's IPCC has said the same thing angende klimatknsligheten since the first report (FAR) in 1990. It should be between 1.5 and 4.5 degrees at a CO2 doubling. Oskerheten has just fallen to between 2 and 4.5 degrees in the last report from 2007 (AR4).",,0_0
"Climate skeptics have seized upon the change in world weather patterns, some citing it as evidence that global warming itself has decelerated or even stopped. Benny Peiser, director of the Global Warming Policy Foundation, said the slowdown was a far larger issue than the report shows.",,1_4
"RECOMMENDED CORRECTION: These previous national U.S. assessments, as well as those for normalised Cuban hurricane losses (Pielke et al., 2003), did not show any significant upward trend in losses over time, and this remains the case following the remarkable hurricane losses of 2004 and 2005.",,1_7
"I cannot remember any issue where one side has so insistently and effectively monopolized a discussion while stifling and excluding diverse viewpoints. This is not how science is designed to operate. For the scientist, questions, examination, indeed skepticism are the building blocks of the quest for truth.",,0_0
There isan interestingdissertation being defended on November 14 2011 at the Univeristy of Colorado. The announcement is given below. I have highlighted key sections.,,0_0
"If GM foods have an astonishing range of potential applications,"" according to James D. Watson, the co-discoverer of DNA, that could radically improve daily life for billions in the developing world, why this war against their use? The origins of this animus lie more in culture than in sciencein an ancient myth about nature and humanity's relationship to the environment, and in the angst about technology embedded in those myths.""",,0_0
"A third method is to make the surface of the planet more reflective, by brightening structures and painting roofs white, as well as increasing the reflectivity of deserts and oceans.",,0_0
"Its announced goal of imposing global limits on greenhouse gas emissions will not be mandatory and ?President Obama has effectively gutted any meaningful agreement among the major industrialized nations, by having granted to the planet?s largest CO2 producer, China, free license to build as many coal power plants as they wish, and emit as many gigatons of greenhouse gases as they wish until 2030.?",,0_0
"In the speech Michael Crichton claims that the BBC and New York Times reported 15,000-30,000 dead from Chernobyl when the actual number was 56. Crichton claims:",,0_0
"Moreover, every responsible economist acknowledges that drastic action to reduce fossil fuel use would increase energy costs, which would in turn reduce household income around the world. Wealthier is healthier, and richer is cleaner. Limiting economic activity therefore can have a dramatic impact on quality of life, not least by reducing life expectancy. Researchers have found a direct correlation between income and mortality, with a disproportionate impact on poorer communities. Thus, policies that reduce societal wealth can be expected to induce premature mortalities, and increase disease and injury rates.",,4_1
"president has started his presidency, as there is merit in asking candidates for",,0_0
"Current datasets indicate no significant observed trends in global tropical cyclone frequency over the past century No robust trends in annual numbers of tropical storms, hurricanes and major hurricanes counts have been identified over the past 100 years in the North Atlantic basin",,1_7
"Narrator: But maybe the heat will get us by creating more air pollution. That's what the Natural Resources Defense Council, or NRDC, said in a report titled Heat Advisory. It sounds plausible because smog forms when emissions of nitrogen oxides and volatile organic compounds bake in the heat of the Sun. However, the NRDC report is fundamentally flawed.",,0_0
"Capitol Hill and frittering away his early opportunities, Clinton",,0_0
I have been exploring the Blue Mountains west of Sydney.** There are some spectacular walks from Evans and Govetts Lookouts near Blackheath.,,0_0
"Further, it conspicuously ignores the fact that doubling the life expectancy of some 200 million Americans who lived in the 20th century is the same as saving 100 million lives. The society that achieved this powered itself on the combustion of fossil fuels. Does this community of experts understand that the number of lives that it effectively saved is orders of magnitude above and beyond it could possibly cost? It seems, given the panoply of horrors due to start pronto, to prefer that we not have emitted carbon dioxide in the first place. Perhaps they ought to look a place that didn't. Surely part of the $3.5 billion that the US Global Change Research Program (USGCRP) consumes per year could finance a field trip to Chad, so they can see the world without cheap and abundant energy.",,4_5
"* The report consists of 120 graphs (the numbering system includes, e.g., 11a and 11b, so the exact number is different from the 73 that identifies the last table) and contains no interpretation or discussion of the results. Discussion of the results apparently appears (or will appear) in an article in Environmental Science and Policy. The abstract of that article (presented on page 12 of the current report) seems to completely miss the obvious implications of the survey. No surprise, since Bray and von Storch tried to hide the plain results of their past work in a similar fashion.",,0_0
"By the way, many states have broken workers comp. To give you a hint at the problems, the number of injuries per hour worked has fallen for decades, but the workers comp costs per hour worked still keep going up. The reason is that the cost to treat a given injured worker has risen at more than twice the overall rate of inflation for health care. But we will delve into this in a future post.",,0_0
"Now, to the issue at hand: what is the best response to climate variability, both domestically, and internationally?",,0_0
"Obama, With Co-Star DiCaprio, Says Climate Change Skeptics Should Pay Penalty'""",,0_0
"UPDATE : In addition, a recent paper published in the Journal of Glaciology finds that ice accumulation of the interior of Greenland has increased 10% over the past 52 years, offsetting runoff from some outlet glaciers along the periphery. According to the authors, this implies that the increased water vapor capacity of warmer air is increasing accumulation in the interior of Greenland.""",,1_1
"CEI, a non-profit, non-partisan public policy group founded in 1984, is dedicated to the principles of free enterprise and limited government. CEI has researched the science, politics, and economics of global warming policy for 10 years. For more information, please contact Emily McGee, director of media relations, at 202-331-1010, ext. 209.",,0_0
Every movement has its nutters. Climate warriors have long ago stopped being civil. But we seem to be entering a new level of radicalisation.,,5_2
"First, the current sea-level rise contributed by this amount of ice loss is probably too small to even be able to measure in coming decades. The satellite data show a reduction of 4 hundred-thousandths of Greenlands total ice per year (while Boggilds figure could be around 12 hundred-thousandths). Multiplying the satellite-based figure times 23 feet gives the annual rise in sea level of 0.01 inch per year. Averaged over three decades, thats a third of an inch, which indeed too small to be detectable. Over a century, the rise becomes a bit more than an inch. Boggilds guesstimate yields 3.5 inches per century.",,1_6
"Ive always wanted my photo in an ad all over the city, but I was hoping it would be for a TV show or something, not this, Mr. Berry said.",,0_0
"Dear Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, We, the People of the Earth, request You to act judiciously and expeditiously to protect the Earth from anthropogenic climate change. Respectfully, People of the Earth.",,0_0
"With our nation drowning in debt, energy prices skyrocketing, and unaccountable pseudo-scientific agencies like EPA and Interior hobbling economic growth with endless delays and red tape, Dr. Robinson decided to run for Congress. As a scientist and thoughtful, Christian family man, with proven math and budgetary skills he felt he could bring much needed expertise and perspectives to the House of Representatives.",,0_0
"Of course, this is not entirely fair. The 110th Congress has some significant accomplishments, including implementing the 9/11 commission recommendations, increasing the minimum wage, expanding college aid, implementing pay-as-you-go"" budgeting and working hard to make it a reality, and passing significant lobbying and ethics reform. But many other things have passed the House and foundered in the Senate, or been stopped, like children's health insurance, by a presidential veto. And, of course, Congress has spent countless hours trying futilely to do something to change course in Iraq.""",,0_0
Competitive Enterprise Institute subpoenaed in global warming 'fraud' investigation,,0_0
"Mother Nature, says Christy, ""simply operates at a level of complexity that is, at this point, behind the mastery of mere mortalssuch as scientistsand the tools available to us.""",,0_0
"The report also indicates that using a net present value calculation (discounting) the cumulative discounted impacts are larger in the early start cases. Using a 7 percent discount rate the EIA finds that impacts by 2020 will be nearly $1.3 trillion for the 2005 start and over $1.4 trillion for the early start. The report concludes, although the cumulative impacts on GDP are similar, the early start cases involve a tradeoff. The peak impacts are less severe in the early cases, but they occur earlier."" There is little difference in the overall costs of the two scenarios. The report can be downloaded from www.eia.doe.gov.""",,0_0
Figure 7: Sea level development around the Tarawa atoll based on tide gauges. There is no detectable rise. Diagram source: Donner (2012) .,,1_6
"It has allowed climate-crisis rhetoric to be used publicly as scientifically samples truth, with only the occasional grumbling.",,0_0
"Needless to say, the most famous concept named after him is a characteristic class now known as the Pontryagin class. (Although the Pontryagin duality for the Fourier transform on locally compact groups is also deep.) If you search through Google Scholar for papers mentioning both string theory"" and ""Pontryagin class"", you get 276 hits dominated by papers written by Witten, Vafa, Harvey, Moore, Sethi, Mukhi, and a few pals.""",,0_0
Facts That Don't Fit the News Media's Anti-Gun Narrative,,0_0
Another Example of Climate Model Failure: Actual Ozone In Wealthy Countries Does Exact Opposite of Predictions,,5_1
"The Charleston Daily Mail editorial page recently featured Rockefeller is Out of Line"" a critique of the Senator's ""intemperate attempt to squelch debate."" Sen. Rockefeller responded by noting that:""",,0_0
"Among the more developed countries, the United States is the outlier nation, with the highest fertility ratejust under 2.1. Moreover, the United States takes in more immigrants than the rest of the world combined. Accordingly, in the next 50 years America will grow by 100 million people. Europe will lose more than 100 million people.",,0_0
"Tanzanias great central plateau, which sprawls across Dodoma, Singida and parts of Tabora regions, has suffered from drought for years, and maize has not been widely cultivated here because it cannot withstand the arid conditions.",,0_0
"In short, the careerist climate AGW scientists and their political insiders conspired to convince the world that humans had to pay dearly for exhaling the carbon gases that the natural world and our trees inhales to flourish.",,5_2
"The four researchers?? reconstructed record of intense hurricanes revealed that the frequency of these ???high-magnitude?? events ???peaked near 6 storms per century between 2800 and 2300 years ago.?? Thereafter, it suggests that they were ???relatively rare?? with ???about 0-3 storms per century occurring between 1900 and 1600 years ago,?? after which they state that these super-storms exhibited a marked decline , which ???began around 600 years ago?? and has persisted through the present with ???below average frequency over the last 150 years when compared to the preceding five millennia.??",,1_7
"Fracking fluids are 99.5% water and sand, combined with chemicals that keep sand particles suspended in the liquid, fight bacterial growth, and improve gas flow and production. Most additives used today are vegetable oils and common, biodegradable chemicals found in cheese, beer, canned fish, dairy desserts, shampoo, and other food and cosmetic products. Steadily improving technologies, techniques and regulations will further reduce environmental risks.",,0_0
"The activists are heading to Brazil with an extensive wish list that attacks liberal democracy and free markets. They want to transform"" world society regulating and rolling back developed world prosperity restricting progress and making poverty and disease permanent fixtures in the developing world and, ironically, harming nature in the process. They also want a tax on financial transactions worldwide, to provide permanent funding and power for the unelected, unaccountable United Nations.""",,0_0
Massarenti writes not necessarily eugenics the monstrous forms adopted by the Nazis,,0_0
"No hurricanes have made landfall in the US for over two years. In 1933, five hurricanes struck the US.",,1_7
"It then strongly looks as though 2004-2005 was simply an unlucky anomaly since hurricane trends bear no similarity to the annual atmospheric carbon dioxide trend and, by extension, to global warming.",,0_0
"koda Vision C concept. The new generation of kodas got pretty close to that. The design contributed by the koda chief designer Jozef Kab who is Slovak may beat other brands by its similarity to BMW etc. The vertical ribs on the front grille belong among the details that make it sexier, I think. The horizontal ribs of VW, Opel etc. help to make these brands mediocre.",,0_0
"According to the GAO, stage 1 lacks a quantitative goal for reducing greenhouse gas emissions, does not have a specific performance plan, and contains incomplete information on expected outcomes and links to the protocol's target."" Therefore, ""stage 1 may not provide a firm foundation for stages 2 and 3.""",,0_0
"Granted, he will use this non-binding pact in an attempt to strong-arm other countries to commit to targets when the issue is discussed in Paris next year. But such false idealism does not stand America in good stead.",,0_0
"Americas 104 nuclear plants generate enough electricity for nearly 75,000,000 homes and produce about 2,000 tons of spent uranium fuel annually. So Yucca will be able to hold all the used fuel from the past 50 years, plus another 35 years of used fuel, without expanding on the original design.",,4_5
"Note: A climate delusionist, is someone who increases their confidence that humans caused the 20th century warming at the same time as their predicted warming fails to materialise and almost none of their predicted trends for extreme weather prove to be true. Rising confidence at a time your predictions are moving false is a clear sign of delusion.",,5_2
"Ormisher said Fisker has delivered between 250 and 300 Fisker Karmas in the United States, and the company is nearing approval to sell the cars in Europe.",,0_0
"The UKs House of Commons Science and Technology Committee has issued its report into the so-called Climategate scandal. As might be expected, its pretty much a whitewash. Only one MP dissented from its conclusions. There seem to me to be some serious errors and omissions in the reports, but Im not the only one:",,0_0
"New Jersey's emissions trading scheme is a failure and will be scrapped, according to Bradley Campbell, the state's commissioner of environmental protection. The Open Market Trading program was implemented under former Governor Christie Todd Whitman.",,0_0
"Of course she has no evidence to back up this valueless claim, which comes from the United Nations, but in fact previous centuries have shown considerable mortality from extreme weather events long before carbon dioxide became flavour of the month.",,1_7
"Indeed, the Soviet Union in 1985 possessed much of the same natural and human resources that it had 10 years before. Certainly, the standard of living was much lower than in most of Eastern Europe, let alone the West. Shortages, food rationing, long lines in stores, and acute poverty were endemic. But the Soviet Union had known far greater calamities and coped without sacrificing an iota of the state's grip on society and economy, much less surrendering it.",,0_0
"With more territory thus available to them, their foothold"" on the planet becomes ever stronger, fortifying them against forces that might otherwise lead to their extinction.""",,0_0
"1 Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.",,0_0
"Mercer did find significant risk though, but it was primarily due to possible governmental climate change policies that may induce economic and investment havoc.",,4_1
"So why do I still support actionespecially, climate skeptics demand, when the science is so uncertain?",,5_1
Update- Oct 2012: Journal of Climate now says (h/t WUWT) that the paper has been withdrawn:,,0_0
"Mere Moral Realism : Everything in conscience can be weakened by neglect and erased by culture . . . . [I[f mere moral realists are right, then although the problem of moral decline may begin in volition, it dwells in cognition: it may begin as a defect of will, but ends as a defect of knowledge. We may have started by neglecting what we knew, but we have now gone so far that we really dont know it any more. What is the result? That our contemporary ignorance of right and wrong is genuine. We really dont know the truth, but we are honestly searching for it trying to see on a foggy night doing the best that we can. In a sense, we are blameless for our deeds, for we dont know any better.",,0_0
"The Public Utility Commission is anticipating months of debate. It will hold another five hearings in February, March and April to consider what testimony will be permitted. Evidence will be presented at hearings in early May. Kristen Edwards, staff attorney at the commission, told me: We'll consider more meetings as necessary.""",,0_0
"The outgoing Congress nearly enacted a bill that would have provided much needed congressional checks on EPA actions. The Murkowski bill fell just short in a Senate dominated by partisan Democrats. The incoming Senate should be far more supportive of such legislation, especially in the face of EPA and other attempts to override the will of Congress and the American people.",,0_0
"TITLE: The Past, Present and Future of the El Nino/Southern Oscillation",,0_0
"The spatial structure and dominant time scales of natural variations differ across models (see discussion of Fig. 5). Additionally, coupled climate models produce a range of responses, in space and time, to anthropogenic radiative forcing (Fig. 8). Such differences in model estimates of internal variability and response to external forcing limit our understanding for the potential of the decadal climate predictions.",,5_1
Editorial: Hansen is simply wrong and his hypothesis is a complete and abject failure,,0_0
"But Western policies that perpetuate aid rather than trade do cause direct harm, however worthy the original intentions. And this is also true for the environmental policy that banned the only viable form of protection against the locusts which have caused such devastation. The desert locust, which changes color as it develops, can devour its own weight (about an ounce) in fresh food in 24 hours. A ton of locusts, which is a tiny part of the average swarm, eats the same amount of food in a single day as ten elephants, 25 camels or 2,500 people.",,0_0
"Bank plan would help build bridges, boost jobs:",,0_0
"CHURCHVILLE, VA?The cable network MSNBC is warning that the world food chain ?has been stretched to the limit? by rising world demand and a series of crop failures in several countries. The TV network?s warning is premature. The U.S., in fact, could ease the current global food price spike with one administrative action?limiting the amount of U.S. corn that gets turned into corn ethanol.",,0_0
"Bloggies nominations are open but only til Sunday this week. There is still no Science and Technology category, after 2013 when 4 out 5 finalists were skeptics. Protest by nominating science blogs for all the other categories that apply. As Ive asked before :",,0_0
How deniers work What accusations has he raised? Here's an excerpt:,,0_0
"A new article in the Economist responds to the recent article in The New Republic , discussing the policy implications of the pause.",,1_4
Even NYT s James Kanter has stumbled over a few of their problems:,,0_0
"Because gasoline consumption is down, many refineries have hit a blend wall"" meaning the gasoline they are producing already contains as much ethanol as vehicle engines and related equipment can safely handle. However, the government still requires them to buy more corn-pone fuel or purchase RINs or pay hefty fines. That drives up the price of RINs and creates many opportunities or the unscrupulous.""",,0_0
Details Revealed of Fisker's Waste and Mismanagement,,0_0
Tony Blair to earn millions as climate change adviser,,0_0
"The following statement in the Economist article bears repeating: But at their best, religion and environmentalism interconnect in a much more positive way. The Creation Care movement among Evangelicals is a good example of this.",,0_0
"In 1980, science writer Ron Bailey points out, the U.S. government thought we might have as many as 1,000 nuclear reactors up and running in the United States by now, instead of the 104 aging plants we do have. Our nuclearphobia led us to build hundreds of coal- and gas-fired power plants instead.",,0_0
"Without abundant fuel and power, prosperity is impossible: workers cannot amplify their productivity, doctors cannot preserve vaccines, students cannot learn after dark, goods cannot get to market. Nearly 700 million Africans rely mainly on wood or dung to cook and heat with, and 600 million have no access to electric light . Britain with 60 million people has nearly as much electricity-generating capacity as the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, minus South Africa, with 800 million.",,0_0
"Writing in the Guardian, Nick Clegg reveals 1,600 companies on the London Stock Exchange will publish greenhouse gas figures from April",,0_0
"SM: The restrictionists, from the Peter Brimelows to the George Borjas's to the Federation for American Immigration Reform, have all been proven spectacularly wrong over the past 20 years. These were people who predicted that if we continued to let immigrants in at the pace that we have, we would see mass unemployment and mass poverty and American competitiveness declining. Guess what? We've had just the opposite. We've had the greatest period of growth in the history of western civilization, even as we've been letting in record numbers of immigrants. This has been very inconvenient to people like Borjas and Brimelow and my friends at National Review who keep saying that immigrants are bad for the economy. Where's the evidence of that?",,0_0
"The email's proclamation, once again, exposes the environmentalists' agenda: President Obama hasn't always done the right thing for the environment. He should have denied the Keystone Pipeline years ago, he should be rolling back unchecked fracking, and he should have taken stronger action on climate both at home and in international negotiations.""",,0_0
"Furthermore, technological advancements have significantly increased the amount of recoverable natural gas in the United States. The estimated 2,200 trillion cubic feet of recoverable natural gas in the U.S. is equivalent to 84 years of consumption at current rates.",,4_5
Huh? Why would it just be skeptics who would be interested in evidence of serious flaws in the science? I'm amazed by paragraph 6 of an article that begins:,,0_0
Expect global cooling for the next 2-3 decades that will be far more damaging than global warming would have been??,,1_2
Changes in global atmospheric CO 2 are lagging about 9months behind changes in global lower troposphere temperature.,,2_3
"Senior Fellow, Energy and Environment, Competitive Enterprise Institute",,0_0
"Well the answer is definitely not from direct observations. As accurately expressed by biologist Garret Hardin in a quote from Julian Simon, it is unknowable how many species are being extinguished."" (Scarcity, p.132)""",,0_0
"From the University of Gothenburg , the stuff that keeps some people awake at night. A question; why should we care? And, why should we take any of this seriously when you do things like We raised the water temperature in miniature ecosystems containing eelgrass meadows, while simultaneously bubbling with carbon-dioxide. when that bubbling would not happen naturally?",,0_0
"Days after being challenged here to come out of the closet, Craig Emerson peeks out:",,0_0
"Steve McIntyre pointed out some time ago, here , that almost all the global climate models around which much of the IPCCs AR5 WGI report was centred had been warming faster than the real climate system over the last 35-odd years, in terms of the key metric of global mean surface temperature. The relevant figure from Steves post is reproduced as Figure 1 below.",,5_1
Dear Chicken Little: The Sky Is Falling (Its Snowing) But Sea Surface Temperature Anomalies Off New England Are NOTUnusual,,0_0
"MOOSE: See what I mean, Spunky? A little friendly pressure and Socrates here starts in with remarks which cannot be construed as necessary or objective. Ad hominem all the way.",,0_0
"By Jo Nova, Her Blog, Aug 10, 2015",,0_0
"Obama foreign policy, they approach the subject from opposite sides of the",,0_0
"on Monday, February 1st, 2010 at 7:38 am and is filed under News.",,0_0
"In Matt Ridley's latest column, he explains how even though environmentalists claim the moral high ground, their policies actually defend the wealthy at the expense of the world's poorest people, here's an excerpt:",,4_1
Although some of the stuff in the analysis is unanswered the most important trend is per capita figures for comparison.,,0_0
<3994> Mitchell/MetO,,0_0
"However, for the 15-year trend interval corresponding to the latest observation period 1998-2012, only 2% of the 62 CMIP5 and less than 1% of the 189 CMIP3 trend computations are as low as or lower than the observed trend.",,5_1
This is well illustrated by their failure to properly consider the null hypothesis that global temperatures will not rise appreciably because of CO2emissions from industrial activity.,,5_2
"But the Sea Surface Temperature anomalies of the East Pacific Ocean (90S-90N, 180-80W) have not risen in 30 years. Refer to Figure 18.",,1_4
"Because too many people misunderstood my technical explanation, the comment about the lunar phases is the simplest argument I see to argue that Brian Cox often says things that are bollocks. This argument isn't perfect but unlike the technical one, it may be more accessible to the laymen.",,0_0
Bizarre Huffington Post Claim: We all need to come out on Climate Change,,0_0
Detroit 3 automakers hope to reduce health care costs in next UAW contract:,,0_0
"SM: I actually think it's kind of a miracle that we, as a movement, have done as well on this issue as we have. It's astounding that we have 60-70 percent support for getting rid of this tax, considering the fact that only the top two or three percent of Americans pay it. But Americans have a fundamental understanding that this tax is unfair and un-American.",,0_0
This one is allegedly so bad that users were advised to disable Java on their browsers if they wanted to avoid it.,,0_0
"The polar bear population may be near the historic high at 20 to 25,000 animals. In the 1950s and 60s, the population may have been as low as 5,000. Sea-ice extent is cyclical. Bears have withstood many cycles of sea-ice shrinking and growing, including previous interglacials. The polar bear population is in no danger.",,3_2
"Of course, we have also had a nice chat about environmentalism and climate change. He was happy to hear that I agree that an elevated concentration of CO2 contributes to the temperature by a nonzero amount and I was happy to hear that Vclav Klaus, the Czech president, has made valuable contributions to the climate debate in the Czech Republic. And he has said many other sane things, too.",,0_0
"Micropropagation , to quote the authors, is an established technique for rapid propagation of uniform plants,"" but they note that leaves formed during in vitro growth ""may never attain photosynthetic competence."" Consequently, to maintain a positive carbon balance over the in vitro to ex vitr o transition, they say ""sugar is supplemented as the source of carbon."" But they go on to state that ""addition of sugar to the culture media negatively correlated with growth, photosynthesis and expression of enzymes of the carbon assimilation pathway,"" so that the standard cure for the problem is partially self-defeating . So we have to ask ourselves: Can CO 2 do anything to help? What was done""",,0_0
"Anyone who'd like to argue that the world is experiencing a new normal"" with respect to tropical cyclones is simply mistaken. Over the past 4 years, the world is actually in the midst of a very low period in tropical cyclone landfalls -- at least as measured over the past 43 years.""",,1_7
"The researchers ran two sets of simulations. One set looked at heat waves that would be expected using 1960s climate conditions including temperature, sea ice thickness and extent, and greenhouse gas forcing. The second set examined heat waves under those conditions for the 2000s. Under the earlier set of conditions, the simulated July temperatures for western Russia did reach the recent heat waves actual maximum, which topped 40 degrees Celsius (104 degrees Fahrenheit) and had a comparable pattern of daily above-average temperatures that peaked at about 12 degrees Celsius (22 degrees Fahrenheit) beyond the mean. So the magnitude of the heat wave could be due to natural factors, the researchers concluded.",,1_7
I believe that the climate is always changing and what we are currently observing is just natural fluctuation. Neutral,,2_1
"Public speaking engagements, which earn him 100,000 a time, are estimated to have brought in another 9 million.",,0_0
"From the regime's point of view, the political circumstances were even less troublesome. After 20 years of relentless suppression of political opposition, virtually all the prominent dissidents had been imprisoned, exiled (as Andrei Sakharov had been since 1980), forced to emigrate, or had died in camps and jails.",,0_0
"Seven of the last 10 years have produced above-average freezing in the waters west of Alaska, Cole said. Last year, seasonal sea-ice cover and thickness in the Bering Sea were higher than any time since record-keeping began four decades ago.",,1_1
"The campaign to adopt carbon constraints has to be judged the least successful marketing effort since New Coke or the Edsel. This ought to provoke the most searching reflections within the environmental community, but so far it seems most environmentalists are stuck in the denial"" and ""bargaining"" phases of their grief over the death of cap-and-trade, grasping desperately to the hope that their Edsel of a policy can be revived after the next election. If the environmental establishment sticks with this vain hope, by ""turning up the volume,"" they will only marginalize themselves further. (The volume has been turned up to 11 for years, hasn't it?)""",,0_0
"Bracing for an election cycle that will be marked by heavy outside spending, massive voter registration drives, and 16 months of presidential politicking, the American labor movement confronts a daunting slate of demographic changes and other trends that could make 2012 a rocky year for unions.",,0_0
"This request for documents, indeed the statute authorizing it, put academics on notice that they must do their work openly, honestly, and using the traditional approach of the observer who is indifferent to the outcome of the experiment. That is in grave doubt in the instant case. It is troubling how saying so is considered unacceptable, amid escalating name-calling against an attorney general who is operating under a unanimously enacted law, which plainly applies, about which no one previously complained.",,0_0
The party's acceptance of Trump as its standard-bearer exposed further a set of divisions and tensions inside the GOP that will linger. Some of those divisions are among and between leaders and elites; others involve deeper disagreements between party leaders and the broader party voter base.,,0_0
"The White House proposes freezing subprime"" mortgage rates for five years.""",,0_0
"In contrast to the Live Earth entertainment extravaganza, the Folklife Festival was a venue that really celebrated our rural roots and the so-called simple life. And the attendees practiced conservation in action, as I saw barely a scrap of trash on the grounds of the Mall. (There were also lots of recycling bins, but whether recycling is always beneficial is another story.) One would think this would be an event a good Green would love.",,0_0
"Washington, D.C., December 8, 2004 An energy policy group created and funded by left-wing foundations is scheduled today to release a report expected to call for a range of anti-energy policies designed to raise energy prices, restrict consumer choices, and expand government control over energy use.",,0_0
"Indoctrination Alert as yet another teacher outs herself as a climate alarmist, having learned all the necessary propaganda from Al Gore himself. The Warrnambool Standard is gushing about it (well it would be its part of Fairfax):",,5_2
Its also instructive to witness the hostility that Svensmark receives from The Cause. And they accuse the sceptics of being anti-science?,,0_0
feels no need to look under the hood- and discourages its expert reviewers from doing so.,,5_2
"To the west, recent acceleration of Greenlands Jacobshaven Glacier is almost certainly related to geologically induced heat flow. This glacier was actually growing and not accelerating quickly, when recently and quite suddenly it began melting from below and speeding down a long linear, and purported here, a fault-bounded valley.",,0_0
"How the desire to beat the crap out of someone who is a fellow scientist, and who is also a taxpayer who helps pay his salary, is in accord with these above values is something Id love to hear Santer explain.",,0_0
"By Natalie Obiko Pearson Jul 16, 2013 2:49 AM ET",,0_0
"Furthermore, perhaps it isnt a reasonable expectation that if you live in a flood zone on a sand bar, someone ELSE is responsible for your rescue and restoration inside days after a hurricane. Perhaps YOU ought to be letting people know that when they make stupid decisions on where to build, it isnt someone ELSE who is responsible to fix it, and pronto too.",,0_0
Quote of the Week: I can calculate the motion of heavenly bodies but not the madness of people. Isaac Newton,,0_0
"Despite the Obama Administrations hostility to fossil fuels, the U.S. is the worlds largest natural gas producer and third largest and fastest growing crude oil producer. The United States is poised to develop and export energy to the advantage of the American economy and permanently reduce Russias control over European energy markets, Rep. Bridenstine added. Control a nations energy and you control the nation. The biggest hurdle to the American energy renaissance and European energy security is not Moscow, but Washington D.C. Our bill frees up the private sector and gets the government out of the way.",,4_5
Mikey Manns c limate of doom in 2036 model puts us in a full blown ice age in 1960,,0_0
The following excerpt from his PNAS paper tells you everything you need to know about James Hansens paper:,,0_0
"The only problem is nothing humans did 150 years ago could have caused this. CO2 didnt start rapidly rising until much later. Phil Jones has attributed the 1860-1880 and 1910-1940 warming to natural causes, like the sun.",,2_1
"While climate change concerns are voiced most strongly among the young, Liberal Democrat voters and Guardian/Independent readers, these attitudes are not translated into personal action.",,0_0
"To see why Steven Chu is psychiatrically impaired, let us look at his new talk about the ... electrical wiring . After a small fire in your house, a woman comes to your house and tells you that you have to pay $20,000 to get a new wiring, otherwise your house will burn in a few years at the 50% confidence level. Related: Veteran psychiatrist finds out that all left-wing people are mentally ill Chu's opinion is that it would be foolish to look for"" an expert who says that the new wiring is not necessary. Clearly, you must trust the woman and her first friend who says the same thing, he says: you have to pay $20,000. In the same way, the United States of America (and perhaps other countries as well) must immediately sacrifice a part of the national economy, too, in order to avoid the burning house - a planet, in this case - in a few years.""",,0_0
"If you graph the intensity or number of hurricanes; the temperature fluctuations; the total number of extreme temperature events; or many other things that depend on non-uniformity and non-constancy of the quantities describing the atmosphere, you will see that theres been no significant global trend in either of them during the last 100 years or so.",,1_7
"Who said, We must tax, tax, tax, I insist!",,0_0
"In what appears to be a major concerted effort, several Green activist organizations have released reports warning about the dangers of global warming, and the media are reporting them with the same seriousness they would peer-reviewed scientific papers. Greenpeace (see below) has released a report that claims that coral reefs could disappear in the next 100 years.",,0_0
EPA Narrowly Keeps Global Warming Authority in Close Senate Vote,,0_0
"To put that into more basic terms: There are naturally occurring multidecadal variations in surface temperatures of the Northern Hemisphere oceans (see the post here ), and they were major contributors to the warming experienced since the mid-1970s. Climate models do not simulate those modes of natural variability. To compound the problems, the modelers had tuned their models during the naturally occurring upswings, failing to account for the peaking and downswings in cycles that would eventually occur (and are now occurring). I provided an overview of the potential impact of this in the post Will their Failure to Properly Simulate Multidecadal Variations In Surface Temperatures Be the Downfall of the IPCC?",,5_1
I?ve been told that IPCC is above national FOI Acts. One way to cover yourself,,0_0
Across on the Queensland coast the Bellenden Kerr range is an ecological island a refuge of a species assemblage from a cooler and moister Australia of 20 million years ago. A two degree rise would see the wet tropics ecosystem start to disappear with animals needing move upslope to beat the heat. With a 3.5 degree rise 65 species unique to the area would vanish into extinction. If you live at or reach the top of the mountain there is nowhere to go. These is debate about past warm periods but these may have been wetter than today so providing some relief. Can animals genetically adapt to their new environments? Unfortunately it appears that breeding cycles are too long. Some species dont even breed every year and only have a few offspring. The other combinative effect is a change in the cloud forest with the cloud base rising each year. This may not affect water supply to the forest but also affect the water supplies in the Cairns regions.,,0_0
This class of cosmic ray detector is more sensitive in the approximate 500 Mev to 4 GeV portion of the cosmic ray spectrum than are cosmic ray muon detectors. The portion of the cosmic ray spectrum that reaches the Earths atmosphere is controlled by the geomagnetic cutoff which varies from a minimum (theoretically zero) at the magnetic poles to a vertical cosmic ray cutoff of about 15 GV (ranging from 13 to 17) in the equatorial regions. (Note: GV is a unit of magnetic rigidity. Magnetic rigidity is a particles momentum per unit charge. It is the relevant quantity for characterizing a cosmic rays ability to penetrate Earths magnetic field.).,,0_0
"As Ive shown several times already, even the 2009 Black Saturday fires were far from our biggest recorded - in 1851. NSW has had several severe October fires that were bigger and deadlier than this years.",,1_7
The Lord Monckton Foundation?s monthly Global Warming Projection Index number for March 2014 is 0.14 C . That is how much the IPCC?s latest central projection of global warming over the 9 years 2 months January 2005 to February 2014 has overshot the observed temperature trend.,,0_0
"There are also exciting opportunities that could arise for the public recording and utilization of such capital through the distributed public-ledger system known as the blockchain, best known for its role in the development of bitcoin. Development of the blockchain for property recording and titling would significantly reduce both the transaction costs and the widespread corruption associated with government-controlled titling systems. Significantly, De Soto's ILD is promoting these initiatives.",,0_0
"8. Quotation of the Day, is from Alston Chase (quoted by Michael Crichton in the appendix of his book about global warming State of Fear""):""",,0_0
"And theyre not kidding. Now, I grew up on a cattle ranch, Ive seen most all of the breeds, and I have a reasonably good eye for cattle and these are not your average brain-dead moo cows. They are awake and alert, and unlike regular cows, you definitely get the sense that there is a wild and wise creature looking back at you from the other side of the horns:",,0_0
"Their accounts are externally audited and annually submitted to the government of India, he said.",,0_0
"Never mind whether this idea is truly consistent with economic theory""; clearly none of these authors has ever set foot inside a federal regulatory agency. It is ironic that these prophets of our lack of perception of environmental reality have so little perception of political reality.""",,0_0
"As I have said, over and over again, the fundamental point has always been this: Climate change is governed by hundreds of factors, or variables, and the very idea that we can manage climate change predictably by understanding and manipulating at the margins one politically-selected factor (CO2), is as misguided as it gets, Stott wrote.""",,2_3
"I like that whim of the researcher part. It is true, but the reality is that the degree days calculated with a 41 degree reference point will not be dramatically different from the 40 point and most crops will not care which one you use (as long as you have calibrated that crop on that scale) while repeatedly doing math in your head with 40 is likely easier than 41 for most folks, so a researcher may be prone to picking 41 vs 40 based on whim",,0_0
Airlines that fail to cover emissions with allowances face a penalty of Eur100 for each mt of CO2 not covered.,,0_0
"Tim Pawlenty: Also a runner-up in the veepstakes, Pawlenty is the rare Republican who can talk about winning in a blue state without ceding his conservative credentials. Call him the Un-Arnold of the GOP.",,0_0
Prohibiting the EPA and other agencies from regulating greenhouse gas emissions and prohibiting the EPA and other agencies from using any funds to promulgate or enforce any regulation intended to mitigate global warming unless it is expressly authorized to do so by Congress.,,0_0
It looks like the $210 million-dollar-funded agenda is hard up for cash!,,0_0
"Because the possible range of sensitivities has been virtually the same, it means that the predictions made in the first IPCC report in 1990 should still be valid. That is, according to the writers of all the IPCC reports, the temperature today should be within the range of predictions made 22 years ago. But they are not!",,5_1
We are here to discuss a serious threat to sport and to society. Irregular and illegal betting are closely linked to match fixing and money laundering.,,0_0
"But what this data indicates is that if and when warming resumes, it will likely occur at a rate that is lower than projected by the IPCC. So, while the trends will turn up they are unlikely to reach the 2C/century of warming.",,0_0
From the January 1 st issue of Vegetarian Times:,,0_0
"In most of these cases, the problem is just poor data, and nothing can be done about that a century later. The only potential remedy is to excise the flawed periods and replace them with intelligent guesses about what the readings ought to have shown. But a little bit of this goes a long way too many guesses and the record becomes a hypothesis rather than empirical data.",,5_1
"Now we are giddy with confidence. We slip and slide down the mountain. A hundred yards from the road the zipper on one sleeping bag breaks. When we reach the car, though, my feet are warm and dry.",,0_0
"There has been a 43% increase in the best estimate of total anthropogenic radiative forcing between that for 2005 per AR4, and that for 2011 per AR5. Yet global surface temperatures remain almost unchanged: 2012 was marginally cooler than 2007, whilst the trailing decadal mean temperature was marginally higher. The same 0.8C warming now has to be spread over a 43% greater change in total forcing, natural forcing being small in 2005 and little different in 2012. The warming per unit of forcing is a measure of climate sensitivity, in this case a measure close to TCR, since most of the increase in forcing has occurred over the last 6070 years. It follows that TCR estimates that reflect the best estimates of forcing in AR5 should be of the order of 30% lower than those that reflected AR4 forcing estimates.",,0_0
"In the IPCC view, says Page, the planet was cooler during Roman times and the medieval warm spell. Overall the temperature is headed up perhaps wildly up, according to the famous/infamous hockey stick graph.",,0_0
Temperatures are expected to be several degrees colder than usual for the rest of the week and dropping each day.,,1_3
"The truth is entirely different. First, I am never bored when I am present. What I actually said in my talk and Abraham knows this, because he spent eight months trying to take it apart was that I'm boring that way I check things"". And I had checked the climate-extremists' claims of catastrophe by consulting a paper by Klaus-Martin Schulte, published in 2008. The extract from the paper was labeled ""Schulte, 2008"" on my slide, in quite large letters.""",,0_0
"During his first term, Europe saw George W. Bush as a fluke. He had won in 2000 without a majority, gaining the White House chicanery or outrageous luck, and he had been a disaster as president. Surely, given the choice of the urbane John Kerry, Americans would not re-elect this hick.",,0_0
"Department of Energy officials said they understand that Fisker has experienced production delays, but said they are not uncommon for a new company. And the department remains hopeful about the company's future, in part because it has successfully raised more than $650 million in private sector investment to support its ongoing operations.",,0_0
"However, these random waves in the vacuum"" also occur for wavelengths that are long. And if there is a wave in the field \(\Phi(x)\) whose wavelength is long, it means that the value of the field at two nearby points that are (much) shorter than the wavelength will be very close to each other. If they're nonzero, they will have the same sign. So there's this correlation between the values of quantum fields in the vacuum. I can make the statement that the correlation exists even though I can't say (in advance) what the shape of the random wave exactly is; in fact, the point of the term ""correlation"" is that it is used in the statistical context when we can't predict the individual outcomes.""",,0_0
"Station Manager Andy Hoyland said a water pump from a neighbouring brigade was being used to carry water from a nearby reservoir, to help extinguish the fire.",,0_0
Addressing Criticisms of the UAH Temperature Dataset at 1/3 Century,,0_0
"The post also links to an article from October in the UK Daily Express , in which an independent forecaster challenges the Met Offices prediction:",,0_0
"Organizations that receive government funding for climate research are surprisingly reluctant to have any public scrutiny or input. For example, the University of Virginia, Penn State and the University of East Anglia are using the courts to block disclosure of information relating to work paid for by taxpayers. These organizations and many like them scorn sunshine laws, Freedom of Information Acts (FoIA) as well as the concept of accountabiliy. This strategy is working for the most part, backed up as it is by a string of disgraceful ?Investigations?.",,0_0
"And this adds more armour to the observation that environmentalism is a self-fulfilling prophecy. Recalling Sens maxim, the anti-democratic tendency of environmentalists the view that democracy isnt equal to the problem of climate change, and so institutions must be constructed above democratic control would replicate the configuration of power that allowed tyrants and their indifference to their populations needs to reign.",,0_0
Global Warming Bill Progresses in California Senate,,0_0
"seasonal and annual temperatures for the entire CET seriesshow unprecedented warmth during the 1990s, but earlier decades such as the 1730s and 1820s are comparable.",,0_0
"At the time, there was a unanimous consensus that the Earth was cooling, but James Hansen is just plain smarter thanthe NASA scientists in the 1960s who were still able to put a man on the moon.",,1_2
The mass media conveyed in many cases the perception that these tropical hurricanes were a result of the greenhouse effect. But there are no indications of an increasing trend in the intensity or number of tropical hurricanes . The large increase in damage caused by severe storms in different parts of the world is caused mainly bypeople increasingly living and working in more exposed locations.,,1_7
"As the air??s CO2 content rises in response to ever-increasing anthropogenic CO2 emissions, and as more and more carbon dioxide therefore dissolves in the surface waters of the world??s oceans, theoretical reasoning suggests the pH values of the planet??s oceanic waters should be gradually dropping. The IPCC and others postulate that this chain of events, commonly referred to as ocean acidification, will cause great harm ??? and possibly death ??? to marine life in the decades and centuries to come. However, as ever more pertinent evidence accumulates, a much more optimistic viewpoint is emerging. This summary examines the topic of the potential impacts of ocean acidification on fish.",,3_2
"Replication can also reveal whether researchers have properly disclosed their data. For example, in preparing my testimony for Mrs. Boxer's 2008 U.S. Senate hearings on polar bear populations, I requested data from government-funded research that led to a dire forecast. My request was refused.",,0_0
"In fact extreme weather events such as tropical cyclones (hurricanes, in the US) have been at historic lows with atmospheric carbon dioxide at contemporary highs. Jimmy is seriously full of it.",,1_7
"To colleges, universities, and pension funds, we say: Demand and ensure open, robust debate on all these issues, before you vote on divestment. Allow no noisy disruption, walk-outs, or false claims of consensus. Compel divestment advocates to defend their positions, factually and respectfully. Protect the rights and aspirations of people everywhere to reliable, affordable electricity, better living standards and improved health. And instead of Global Divestment Day,"" host and honor ""Hydrocarbon Appreciation Day.""",,0_0
"Fishermen and seafood-dependent communities in New England are battening down the hatches, fearing that an Obama administration move to create a giant Atlantic Marine Monument will spell the end to their way of life.",,0_0
"Originally, politicians embraced ethanol subsidies as a supposed means to reduce global warming and to provide energy independence, plus Obama's team claimed the subsidy would increase the nation's green job"" employment. As this corporate welfare program continued to suck money out of taxpayer wallets, it became obvious that ethanol production/use had no discernible impact on global warming or energy independence or overall employment.""",,4_4
The 2014/15 El Nio Part 5 The Relationship Between the PDO and ENSO,,0_0
"This new paper by Adophi et al uses beryllium, oxygen and carbon isotopes from Greenland ice cores right back as far as the depth of the last ice age, 22,500 years ago, and finds there is a link between solar activity and the climate. It follows these proxies of temperature and solar activity as the planet warmed to the start of the Holocene 10,000 years ago.",,2_1
"Next, there is the recently-delayed but still-on-track EPA effort to further tighten air quality standards for ozone. As perhaps the most expensive EPA rule ever, it threatens to kill 7+ million jobs by 2020 and cost $1 trillion per year in compliance between 2020 and 2030.",,4_1
"> >> scenario paper for Africa, requested by the IPCC, and I will send you a",,0_0
"offsetting advantage, from Obama's point of view. They would spread the wealth""",,0_0
"Novak reported that the studies are very pessimistic. The five assessments were conducted by the European Commission Directorate General for Energy, the International Energy Agency, the U.S. Department of Energy's Energy Information Administration, and the Australian Bureau of Agricultural and Resource Economics.",,0_0
"The best fit for each instrument is illustrated; as are all the data. Currently, GISS gives the least negative trend; HadCrut gives the most negative trend. Other instruments provide intermediate results with UHA MSU giving results closest to the mean off individual instruments.",,0_0
International Atomic Agency Regrets Lack of Progress on Kyoto,,0_0
Warning over cheap alcohol: Youngsters can get drunk for half the cost of a chocolate bar:,,0_0
"3) A Statistical Model for Tornado Intensity by James Elsner, Thomas Jagger & Ian Elsner.",,0_0
Science & Medicine antarctica: frozen $46m runway melting ...,,0_0
"No, that would play into the hands of the fossil-fuel lobby.",,0_0
"That a warmer, drier climate will spawn more frequent forest fires and fires of longer duration is almost a tautology. Nonetheless, some studies find no changein global fire activity over the past century and more. Ocean cycles and forestry practices also influence the frequency and extent of wildfires. Whether recent U.S. wildfires areprimarily due to global climate changeor other factors is neither obviousnor easily determined .",,1_7
I suspect that those of you you that have been diligently attending the College of Climate Etc. are eminently qualified for such positions :),,0_0
to more variance. Im just going to focus on thescientific guidance provided by Exponent. And,,0_0
"Dr. Nigel Smith concludes this area by noting, In spite of popular belief that the Amazon forest is being totally destroyed, the scale of the region and the concentrated nature of many of the development thrusts have prevented any major ecological catastrophe thus far."" (Smith, ""Global Land Use Change,"" p.240)""",,0_0
"What is the historical context for the July heat wave over western Russia? During the period 1880-2009, the region??s monthly July surface temperatures have experienced several very warm years of about +3C departures (1931 , 1955, 1981, 1988, and 2002), and comparably cold Julys having about -3C departure (1950, 1957, 1968, 1976, and 1994). Warm Julys alternating with cold Julys describes the typical sequence of events over western Russia during the last 130 years, with little or no discernible trend in July temperatures since 1880. Yet, the July 2010 anomalies averaged over western Russia will exceed the warmest Julys on record, and such an extreme event demands an explanation.",,1_7
"He cites many liberal Democrats' opposition to trade agreements, which they claim is qualified,"" not because they're opposed to liberalized trade per se, but because they think it should be made ""fair"" through a morass of side agreements and provisions dealing with potential adverse effects from the increased trade.""",,0_0
"Climatologist: ???There has been a downward trend in strong (F3) to violent (F5) tornadoes in U.S. since 1950s?? ??? ???Warming causes fewer strong tornadoes, not more??",,1_7
"It appears to be based on another paper he has written this year, A Statistical Model for Tornado Intensity . There is already, of course, a well established system of measuring the severity of tornadoes, the Enhanced Fujita Scale, which uses damage surveys to estimate wind speeds.",,0_0
"Well, it was not quite as bad as Beijing during the winter, but air quality really degraded around the Northwest last night as massive amounts of fireworks were deployed.",,0_0
"The report even gives the pipeline a passing grade in the politically correct category of environmental justice"" concluding that, ""impacts to minority and low-income populations during construction may include exposure to construction dust and noise, disruption to traffic patterns, and increased competition for medical or health services in underserved populations. Such impacts would generally be small and short-term."" In addition, as ""the risk of a potential release is roughly equal at all points along the pipeline, the risks associated with such releases would not be disproportionately borne by minority or low-income populations.""",,0_0
"Maybe. It's hard to imagine how the Court can review a rule that leads to absurd results"" and ""administrative impossibility"" without examining its opinion in Mass v. EPA that an Endangerment Finding under Section 202 of the Clean Air Act won't lead to ""extreme"" or ""counterintuitive"" measures, but only to a cost-constrained modification of the motor vehicle emission standards.""",,0_0
"About 2/3 of the Americans, including John Kerry and Oliver Stone , believe that there is some deeper story behind the murder than a lone gunman named Lee Harvey Oswald. Holy crap. Why are they doing it? I have already mentioned that they probably want to restore some order"", to save their (incorrect) assumption that famous men may only be killed by other famous men or their collectives.""",,0_0
"Heres another one, about six months after being refilled with the overburden (or the muck as its known in Northumbria, and pronounced mook):",,0_0
One of the numerous Goebbelian propaganda artifices deployed by the now-retreating climate extremist movement has been the careful avoidance of any debate with anyone on the skeptical side of the case who happens to know anything about climate science or economics.,,5_2
"trend error 0.05 0.04 0.11 0.08, C / decade (95% confidence interval)",,0_0
"The Kind and Lee amendment (#9) would not merely codify EPA??s Tailoring Rule, it would also codify the entire ever-growing ensemble of EPA greenhouse gas regulations of which the Tailoring Rule is apart. It would put Congress??s legislative seal of approval on EPA??s seizure of legislative power. Passing this amendment would obviously defeat the constitutional purpose of H.R. 910.",,4_1
"Extreme cold warning s for the Fond-du-Lac, Stony Rapids and Black Lake, Uranium City Camsell Portage and Wollaston Lake Collins Bay regions.",,1_3
"In 1990, the IPCCs central estimate of near-term warming was higher by two-thirds than it is today. Then it was 2.8 C/century equivalent. Now it is just 1.7 C equivalent and, as Fig. 3 shows, even that is proving to be a substantial exaggeration.",,3_1
I introduced a Mexican meteorologist at a Heartland Climate meeting 2 years agohe was predicting cooling.,,0_0
"This video is like the crazy fan mail that singers get, that's supposed to be all lovey-dovey and romantic (to the stalker), but reads like very well-thought out death threats to the entertainer. In the late 80s, our friend Abbey was a teen singer in northeast and central Ohio, doing the mall circuit, belting out covers to old songs as well as her dance hit Pancake Emporium"" it was the 80s, she was trying to be New Wave don't ask.""",,0_0
"Radio Free Europe; With the Winter Olympics less than six weeks away, the security spotlight has been focused on host city Sochi, nestled uncomfortably close to Russia's volatile North Caucasus republics and their ongoing Islamic insurgency. But Andrei Soldatov, the editor of agentura.ru, a Russian site dedicated to terrorism and intelligence, says the Volgograd attacks -- which took place 650 kilometers northeast of Sochi -- throw such planning into disarray. Related?",,0_0
"Over the past decade, GISS has continued to show an increase in global temperatures, while HadCRUT has decreased. They have been diverging at a rate of about 1C per century, which is pretty dramatic considering that they report 0.01C precision.",,5_1
"In its most recent report, it stated that observed reductions in mountain ice in the Andes, Alps and Africa was being caused by global warming, citing two papers as the source of the information.",,0_0
"Any logistical and financial support is most welcomed, said the release, which was sent to Reuters on Friday. ""It is to be as well stated that any future efforts or plans on Darfur should be worked out and finalized with the satisfaction and full approval of the Sudanese government."" No one from Martin's office or the Canadian foreign ministry was immediately available for comment.""",,0_0
"As a public body, NCDC have a duty to be accountable for all of their work, as well as to be totally transparent. They have been aware of this issue now since January, and it is surely time for them to step up to the plate and either explain how their adjustments are correct, or withdraw them. Furthermore, they must fully investigate all other significant adjustments elsewhere and withdraw them where they cannot be fully substantiated. I would also suggest they ask themselves why these clearly incorrect adjustments were not identified and put right at the very outset. It should not be up to independent observers to be doing this for them.",,5_1
Which brings to mind the one person who is largely missing from the bursting out of bipartisanship: President Obama. All these recent bipartisan agreements have been reached with little or no involvement by him. They were forged by knowledgeable members of Congress skillful at bridging differences with colleagues across the aisle.,,0_0
"GLENN: Right. Wouldnt you just I mean, wouldnt you just be saying that natural cold is overpowering the manmade warmth? I mean, wouldnt that be good? I mean, look, if the cooling is masking the warming, the warming, according to these pinheads, is caused by man. The cooling is not caused by man. So wouldnt it mean that the non-manmade cooling is actually winning out over man? Almost like its weird how the whole system works itself out.",,1_4
"Das Welts-Klima-Maschine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben. Es ist zu simpel zu schnappen der Springenwerk, Blowenfusen und Korkenpoppen mit Spitzensparken. Das Klima ist nicht fur Getinkeren bei die Dummkopfer. Die Rubberneckeren und Sightseeren musten keepen der cotten-pickenen Hande in der Pocketen, oder else. Relaxen sie sich und watschen der Blinkenlights!",,0_0
"That could once again result in both sizable GOP gains in the House and a renewed Republican majority in the Senate, but it would also mean a repeat of the vicious cycle that led to Trump in the first place.",,0_0
"It is good news that the authors recognise that there has been no global temperature increase since 1998. Even after the standstill appears time and again in peer-reviewed scientific studies, many commentators still deny its reality. We live in the warmest decade since thermometer records began about 150 years ago, but it hasnt gotten any warmer for at least a decade.",,1_4
"I regularly rotate between machines, browsers, etc. party to assure that no given platform has much of interest on it if it gets hacked. Partly just as I like to play on different platforms. Partly because some platforms have particular bits of software that I need. In general, Ive preferred Linux or Macintosh. The first for what it lets me do, the second for being about as secure and easy to use and you can get. For about the last year, Ive been on an HP Laptop with Windoz its pretty good but has issues. I wont go into all of them here ( the only HP one is that the keyboard had letters wear off inside 6 months. Now Ive got maybe 1/3 of the keys blank. Good thing I touch type)",,0_0
"The rule is so riddled with loopholes that its become clear that this FCC chairman crafted it with the sole purpose of winning the endorsement of AT&T and cable lobbyists, and not defending the interests of the tens of millions of Internet users.",,0_0
"The AGs based their investigations on a series of articles published by Inside Climate News, the Los Angeles Times and other news outlets that reported the company had covered up findings by Exxon's own scientists that showed manmade climate change was warming the Earth and creating risks for the company. The company adamantly denies the charges, and is asking several courts to level injunctions against the AGs for violating the company's rights under the Constitution.",,0_0
"Before his untimely death January 19, Dr. Robert M. Carter, former director of James Cook University's Marine Geophysical Laboratory and expert on historic and prehistoric climate change, offered succinct analyses of climate forces, fears, and realities, underscoring how fragile the climate chaos claims are.",,0_0
$ M \leq M {Planck} / N^{1/2} $ This statement is supported by,,0_0
Global Warming - Frog Decline Link Is Disproven,,0_0
"Similarly, the 1994 federal appeals court decision cited above (Pfizer v. Giles) found that the mere pendency of a lawsuit against a company for belonging to, and contributing to, a trade association contravened the First Amendment because the lawsuit chilled participation in and contributions to that association. Accordingly, it issued a writ of mandamus dismissing the suit.",,0_0
"Gregory Melleuish is right when he says that ?climate change has become an issue only because it has been seen to have practical policy implication? (p. 9). G. Melleuish, ?The Dubious Future of History,? Quadrant, May 2010;www.quadrant.org.au/magazine/issue/2010/5/the-dubious-future-of-history.",,0_0
It seems fairly clear that the homogenisation process has achieved bringing the Southern Africa data sets into line with the wider data sets. Whether the early twentieth century warming and mid-century cooling are outliers that have been correctly cleansed is a subject for further study.,,0_0
E-mail Documentation Of The Successful Attempt By Thomas Karl Director Of the U.S. National Climate Data Center To Suppress Biases and Uncertainties In the Assessment Surface TemperatureTrends,,0_0
"Over on WUWT, there was an interesting comment burried down in yet another long discussion thread.",,0_0
"This huge unknown could alone be responsible for all global warming due a tiny 1-2% natural change in global cloud cover. Climate models conveniently assume clouds are a positive feedback that accelerates global warming, but this paper and many others show this is an unjustified assumption and that cloud feedback could instead be strongly negative.",,2_1
"In a synthesis of long term ecological monitoring data across old growth Amazonia, Phillips et al (2008) find that from approximately 1988 to 2000 not only that the biomass of these tropical forests increased but that they have become more dynamic, that is, they have more stems, faster recruitment, faster mortality, faster growth and more lianas. These increases have occurred across regions and environmental gradients and through time for the lowland Neotropics and Amazonia. They note that the simplest explanation for this suite of results is that improved resource availability has increased net primary productivity, in turn increasing growth rates, which can all be explained by a long-term increase in a limiting resource. They suggest that this no-longer-limiting resource might be CO 2 , although other factors (e.g., insolation or diffuse radiation) may also play a role.",,3_3
"Now, because of Secretary Vilsack's trial-ballooned planting restriction policy and his continuing insistence that some type of coexistence plan be developed, even products that do reach the marketplace could eventually be subject to the vagaries of politically driven limitations that serve only the interests of the organic food industry and biotech's opponents. At best, his dithering creates uncertainty among agribusiness companies, which is anathema to expensive long-term research and development.",,0_0
Fig. 3: Where do the emissions p 100 Gtonnes in the coming 1000 clean? Klla IPCC.,,0_0
"NASA has massively and repeatedly altered their own published data, to cool the past and warm the present. The animation below show their published 1981 surface temperatures in black, and subsequent 1999 and 2014 versions in red. This is consistent with an increase in propaganda, but not consistent withan increase in temperature.",,5_2
"Baliunas: Yes, the correlation is very strong. For the temperature records going back on Earth, we can reconstruct the Northern Hemisphere about 250 years or so. And the ups and downs of temperature match almost exactly the ups and downs and change in magnetism, and so, the energy output of the sun. . . .",,2_1
"We get the message the recent warming in at least several regions in China has likely been exceeded in the past millennium or two, the rate of recent warming was not unusual, and the observed warming of the 20th century comes after an exceptionally cold period in the 1800s.",,2_1
"The nice thing about businesses conspiracies is that you always know the motive- Money! You already know what the other guy wants to do before you begin negotiation. You also know that if it doesnt work out for either one of you, the relationship wont last. What you dont know is, whether the other party gives a crap whether you make a dime or survive as a company at all. Thats where we get into gray areas.",,0_0
"If you question whether global warming is happening, or whether human activity is causing it, or whether it's worth doing anything about it, then you must be a crack-pot. You are standing athwart the consensus of scientists."" You are disputing ""settled science."" You are a ""global warming denier,"" the moral equivalent of an apologist for the Nazi holocaust.""",,0_0
Russian president Vladimir Putin (#4) is more interested in developing a plan to step up his challenge to NATO than to scale down his nation's emission.,,0_0
"In the 1970s and 80s, environmental policies rose to prominence as environmentalists scored many political victories. But our successes in cleaning rivers and air pollution were unfortunately followed by an environmental populism that led to an intellectual and economic downward spiral, often driven by fears of approaching ecological cataclysm. This devolution of the environmental movement is what German journalist and environment expert Edgar Gaertner has recently written about in his new book Eco-nihilism: A critique of a Political Ecology.",,5_2
"The Clinton Administration's blueprint for implementing the Kyoto Protocol lacks quantitative goals, specific time frames, and cost benefit analyses, according to the General Accounting Office. GAO Director of Energy, Resources, and Science Victor Rezendes testified before the Senate Energy Committee on June 4 that the Administration lacked a sound analysis of stage 1 of its overall plan, a $6.3 billion tax and subsidy package. It also lacks a coordination plan for the 14 federal agencies managing the program.",,0_0
"The first report comes from the London School of Economics, and was sponsored by the neo-Malthusian organization, the Optimum Population Trust (OPT, patron: Sir David Attenborough).",,0_0
"A team led by researchers at Winrock International, a U.S. environmental nonprofit organization, has developed an estimate of gross carbon emissions from tropical deforestation for the early 2000s that is considerably lower than other recently published estimates.",,0_0
"So, as the unseasonal cold settles in over the U.S. this week, don't be fooled by those who claim global warming causes cooling"". What we are seeing is natural variability, likely dominated by the oceans. The ""new weather norm"" might well be different from what anyone less than 30 years old has been used to.""",,2_1
"Helen Chivers, Met Office forecaster, insisted the temperature map takes into account the influence of climate factors such as El Nino and La Nina ? five-yearly climatic patterns that affect the weather ? but admits this is only a ?start point? for a seasonal forecast. She said: ?The map shows probabilities of temperatures in months ahead compared to average temperatures over a 30-year period.",,0_0
Its reached the point where our national masthead felt the need to issue a whole feature article rebutting their critics ( Climate debate is no place for hotheads ) which includes quote after quote of The Australians pro man-made-global-warming editorials. But why under the Goddess of Free Press should any serious newspaper feel required to declare their belief in a particular scientific theory?,,5_2
"It is rather difficult to imagine, but approximately 635 million years ago, ice may have covered a vast portion of our planet in an event called Snowball Earth. According to the Snowball Earth hypothesis, the massive ice age that occurred before animal life appeared, when Earths landmasses were most likely clustered near the equator, precipitated relatively rapid changes in atmospheric conditions and a subsequent greenhouse heat wave. This particular period of extensive glaciation and subsequent climate changes might have supplied the cataclysmic event that gave rise to modern levels of atmospheric oxygen, paving the way for the rise of animals and the diversification of life during the later Cambrian explosion.",,0_0
"As noted in our Editorial of 10 Dec 2003 , Hungate et al . (2003) claim - by way of a Carnegie Institution press release hyping their paper - that in a future world of higher atmospheric CO 2 concentration, the availability of nitrogen , in forms usable by plants, will probably be too low for large increases in carbon storage,"" ... or as van Groenigen et al . (2003) restate their contention, ""reduced soil N availability under elevated CO 2 may limit the plant's capacity to increase photosynthesis and thus the potential for increased soil C input."" What was done""",,3_3
"China already the top consumer will drive two-thirds of the growth in global coal use this decade. Half of Chinas power generation capacity to be built between 2012 and 2020 will be coal-fired, said Woodmac.",,0_0
This piece originally appeared in Wall Street Journal,,0_0
Martin BODKER ENGHOFF & Henrik SVENSMARK: Effects of Cosmic Ray Decreases on Cloud Microphysics,,0_0
"That was vindication for a man who was termed a civil heretic in a New York Times Magazine article on his contrarian views. Dyson embraces that label, with its implication that what he opposes is a religious movement. So does his fellow Princeton physicist and fellow skeptic, William Happer.",,0_0
"What they have done here is divide Alaska up into its natural climatic zones (their opinion, of course) and graphed each separately, on a single graph. We see mirrored here the warm 1930s-40s. The global cooling period 1945-1975 (rough dates here, folks, we are just talking about this). Then the 1975-1978 spike/step-up, then? After 1978, roughly even-steven right to present time.",,2_1
"These researchers sought to identify the magnitude of the natural signals present in the observed trends of surface and lower atmospheric temperatures and to see whether the recent slowdown in the rate of global average temperature rise could be explained by the combination of the timing of natural influences (again, solar, El Nio/La Nia, volcanoes). Ultimately, they concluded that, in fact, it could be. And when the natural signals were removed from the global temperature record, global warming was alive and well and proceeding at a remarkable steady rate since the beginning of their period of study, 1979-2010 (Fig. 3).",,0_0
"Bangladesh Cyclone, November 1970. The greatest tropical system disaster this century occurred in Bangladesh in November 1970. Winds coupled with a storm surge killed between 300,000- 500,000people. These cyclones usually cause the most misery, loss of life, and suffering in low lying areas in Bangladesh and coastal India.",,0_0
"The achievement of the human race and the last 5,000 years of so-called civilization is the way we have learned to adapt to Nature by creating habitats from villages to cities in which to survive and because we have devised a vast global agricultural and ranching system to feed seven billion of us.",,0_0
"Lauer and other commentators seem to think that there's something of a contradiction here. I don't see it, perhaps because it describes my own position so well. I support the Arizona law, but I'm also worried that it could lead to civil-rights abuses.",,0_0
"In respect to Schmidts whinge, as Lucia sagely observed a couple of years ago in connection with Schmidts defence of upside-down Tiljander, one cannot assume that people actually asked the questions that Schmidt says they asked or that his answers are adequate because he says so:",,0_0
"The bbmle package has a profile function that applies to mle2 output, which has a special-purpose plot attached to it (the style of which I applied in the above graph).",,0_0
Wealthy people who want a Tesla as their third or fourth vehicle can pay the full market price. And they should.,,0_0
"While the details of the debt ceiling deal remain fuzzy, this much is clear: Barack Obama may be president, but the Tea Party is now running Washington. How did this happen? Simple; this is what American politics looks like when there's no left-wing movement and no war.",,0_0
"Global warming took a vacation last year and there was more than a foot of snow on the ground. As we motored up the highway the thermometer registered a balmy 35 degrees, but the radio said a cold front was moving in. Our final destination was an open log shelter a mile up the mountain.",,1_3
"we are becoming more confident of mid-range figures. why not 'mid-range or lower?""",,0_0
The impacts would have included (dollar values are adjusted for inflation):,,0_0
Don't Put Eco-Finance Measures in Energy Bill,,0_0
"We've known that Marc Morano was a brave man for some time, but he proved it again last night at the Society of Environmental Journalists' conference here in Burlington. He was the lone critic on a panel about the media and global warming entitled And Now a Word from Our Critics..."" Not only was he the only critic of the mainstream reportage of climate change on the five-member panel, but I seemed to be one of the only people in the packed ballroom not actively hostile to his point of view.""",,0_0
"The graphs are below. Frankly, even after the tampering, the warming rate is nothing like what it should have been if any of the IPCCs predictions had been true. My guess is that once theyve got their world government in Paris theyll stop tampering leave the temperature records alone.",,5_2
"Social Benefits of Carbon: Craig Idso of CO2 Science has a post on the Cato web site describing the great benefits of enhanced atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2). Together with his father Sherwood and brother Keith, the Idsos have built a large repository of studies evaluating the effects of enhanced carbon dioxide, both on land and in waters (oceans). Sherwood and Craig were lead authors of the extensive report, with multiple scientific references, by the Nongovernmental International Panel on Climate Change (NIPCC): Climate Change Reconsidered II: Biological Impacts (2014).",,3_3
"There??s some very very curious relationships between Rutherford et al. and MM03. Rutherford et al. was submitted to Journal of Climate on July 23, 2003, at around the same time as MM03. As outlined below, I??ll bet dollars to doughnuts that the file pcproxy.txt"", the file at Mann??s FTP site (in Rutherford??s subdirectory) to which we were directed and now supposedly the ""wrong file"", was used in the original submission of Rutherford, Mann et al. and was fixed up after MM03 pointed out problems with it.""",,5_1
"Yet I was surprised at how different the situation seemed. And although I returned well versed in the reasons to be skeptical of an agreement, I part company with colleagues who believe that the face-to-face talks will settle nothing.",,0_0
Perhaps that explains why so many DC insiders are outraged (and maybe quaking in their boots) over the prospect that an unpredictable Washington outsider might become the next US sheriff.,,0_0
The infamous Hockey Stick Graph (Mann et al.) has been comprehensively discredited and has been removed by the IPCC from their 4th Report. It is therefore surprising to still find it inthe governmentssection on the scientific justification of Climate Change.,,5_1
"Although fracking has been used for 60 years, in combination with deep horizontal drilling it has sent U.S. oil and gas production sharply upward for the first time in decades, turned imminent depletion"" into another century of affordable petroleum, generated millions of jobs and billions of dollars in government revenues, kept home heating and electricity prices from skyrocketing in the face of EPA's war on coal, brought a resurgence in US petrochemical and other industries, and helped reduce CO2 emissions (which should make Earth Guardians and other global warming true believers happy). It's meant fewer oil imports, improved balance of trade, and more opportunities to lift more people out of poverty worldwide.""",,0_0
"* Constantly improving hydraulic fracturing technologies continue to increase production. For example, Cabot Oil & Gas refracked a 2013 Pennsylvania well, increasing its output to 30.3 million cubic feet of gas per day; thats four times the output from the best well drilled in 2003. Fracking is even being used in decades-old onshore and offshore wells, to keep them producing for many more years.",,4_5
"Buy Fonte's book Sovereignty or Submission: Will Americans Rule Themselves or be Ruled by Others?""",,0_0
"Let us not forget the other rapidly aging and shrinking superpower, Russia. It has a fertility rate of 1.3, and an average life expectancy of 66 years. By 2050, its population will be a third smaller than it is today. Russia's current global belligerence under Vladimir Putin in part reflects the fact that, as Last writes, the country has very little to lose."" A ""wounded bear,"" as Last calls Russia, armed with nuclear weapons is likely to remain a serious font of global disorder.""",,0_0
New York State Geologist Supports Shale Gas Extraction,,0_0
"Pansch et al . report that over a period of 20 weeks, the survival, growth, reproduction and shell strength of Kiel barnacles were all unaffected by p CO 2 , regardless of food availability,"" and that ""larval development and juvenile growth of the F1 generation were tolerant to increased p CO 2 , irrespective of parental treatment."" In contrast, they report that ""elevated p CO 2 had a strong negative impact on survival of Tjarno barnacles,"" with specimens from this population being ""able to withstand moderate levels of elevated p CO 2 over five weeks when food was plentiful,"" but which ""showed reduced growth under food limitation."" In addition, they found that ""severe levels of elevated p CO 2 negatively impacted the growth of Tjarno barnacles in both food treatments."" What it means""",,3_2
Overall message of the metals is duck and cover and risk off in $US.,,0_0
"As if to confirm this point, we watch in bemusement as the sea ice resolutely refuses to do what anyone expects. The Greenland ice melt has gone fast, then slow and some are even claiming that the refreeze has started weeks ahead of schedule. The pause in the alleged Arctic death spiral looks set to extend to another year, but the Antarctic has blipped below its long-term mean for the first time in years.",,1_1
"One of the things emerging from several lines is that the IPCC has not paid enough attention to natural variability, on several time scales, he says, especially El Nios and La Nias, the Pacific Ocean phenomena that are not yet captured by climate models, and the longer term Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) and Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO) which have cycle lengths of about 60 years.",,2_1
"Figure 2. Top panel regional chronology as shown in CA post, May 6, 2012; bottom panel- regional chronology shown in Briffa et al 2013 GU1 (yamal raw).",,0_0
"In the words of the authors, the results of this study are important because they indicate that transgenerational acclimation can help to overcome behavioral impairment observed in fishes exposed to high CO 2 ,"" adding that ""as CO 2 levels rise over coming decades, both parental and offspring generations will experience similar elevated CO 2 levels; thus our results indicate that this parental exposure will help to reduce some of the negative effects of high CO 2 on behavior."" Unfortunately, only a few studies have incorporated the concept of transgenerational acclimation when studying the response of marine life to rising temperatures and CO 2 . Given the findings of Allan et al ., more researchers would be wise to incorporate it into their experimental design; for in so doing, they will likely come closer to the true response of marine life to future climate and seawater pH conditions.""",,3_2
"middle of his calibration, when we?re throwing out all post-1960 data ?cos the",,0_0
"Climate change also had a role in Spains drought and torrential New Zealand rains, though natural weather variation was a leading culprit in each case, and no strong connection was found in other prominent 2012 weather events such as the US drought.",,1_7
"The United Nations divides the world into two groups, less developed countries and more developed countries. The most surprising news comes from the poorer countries. In the late 1960's, these countries had an average fertility rate of 6.0 children per woman. Today it is 2.9and still falling. Huge and continuing declines have been seen in countries like Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Iran, Turkey and (of great importance to the United States) Mexico.",,0_0
"His close links to Islam even if Obama isn't a full-fledged member of the Muslim Brotherhood, Al-Qaeda's parent organization, and he may be , he has still filled the U.S. government offices with tons of members of the Muslim Organization prevent him from clearly stating that it's the radical Islam that is significantly threatening America (and others) these days. He emits lots of fog about the identity of folks like the members of ISIS.",,0_0
"His reasoning is the fallacy known (for a couple of thousand years) as Argument from Authority. The single point that makes science different from a religion is that in science, opinions are always trumped by evidence. There are no high Priests. Manne thinks evidence means studies of the consensus of how many scientists vote Yes. The entire philosophy of science is that evidence comes from things like thermometers, satellites and weather-balloons, not from internet surveys.",,5_2
"/s/ Walter Cunningham JSC, Astronaut, Apollo 7, 8 years",,0_0
"In 2006, an article appeared in Science magazine reconstructing the temperature of the Northern Hemisphere back to 800 AD based on 14 smoothed and normalized temperature proxies (e.g., tree ring records). Osborn and Briffa proclaimed at the time that the 20th century is the most anomalous interval in the entire analysis period, with highly significant occurrences of positive anomalies and positive extremes in the proxy records. Obviously, concluding that the Northern Hemisphere has entered a period of unprecedented warmth is sure to make the news, and indeed, Osborn and Briffas work was carried in papers throughout the world and was loudly trumpeted by the American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) that publishes the journal Science .",,0_0
"We have written so much about the link between climate change and hurricanes (a.k.a., tropical cyclones, TCs) that we sometimes wonder if there could be anything new to report. No sooner than we have such a thought, yet another article on the subject appears in some leading scientific journal. A sentence in the abstract from this new article really caught our eye as we read For the 1981/82 to 2005/06 TC seasons, there are no apparent trends in the total numbers and cyclone days of TCs, nor in numbers and cyclone days of severe TCs with minimum central pressure of 970 hPa or lower.",,1_7
"The world has been chilling sharply for about twenty years. If present trends continue, the world will be about four degrees colder for the global mean temperature in 1990, but eleven degrees colder in the year 2000. This is about twice what it would take to put us into an ice age.",,1_2
"In addition, we should wait because the current proposals on how to reduce greenhouse gas emissions are all expensive and will be cheaper in the future as technologies improve.",,4_2
"Unless, that is, you dare to question the idea of man-made global warming. That, apparently, puts you beyond the pale. You can insist the 1969 Apollo moon landing was staged, or that 9/11 was an inside job,"" and it's ""live and let live"" time. But disagree with the view that climate change is not only occurring but is caused by human activity, and you invite a stay in a rubber room.""",,0_0
"In my previous post, A Longer Look at Climate Sensitivity , I showed that the match between lagged net sunshine (the solar energy remaining after albedo reflections) and the observational temperature record is quite good. However, there was still a discrepancy between the trends, with the observational trends being slightly larger than the calculated results. For the NH, the difference was about 0.1C per decade, and for the SH, it was about 0 05C per decade.",,0_0
"The previous administration, of course, did not ratify Kyoto. But one of Kevin Rudd's first acts as Prime Minister was to grandstand at a UN climate junket in Bali two years ago and turn his signature to the Kyoto Protocol into a gruesome, gibbering publicity stunt.",,0_0
"For example, Brian Cox mentions that the Feynman propagator is nonzero even if the two points are space-like-separated, i.e. \[",,0_0
RMS residual error 0.16 0.26 C,,0_0
"So, according to my observations, sea levels in Moreton Bay have gone down about 300 mm over the last 67 years.",,1_6
"Another rhetoricalshift is a subtle revision in the concept of climate sensitivity. Climate sensitivity used to mean how much global warming you get from a given increase inCO2 concentrations.However, since 2001, although CO2 concentrations have increased at an accelerating rate , global temperatures have been stagnant or even declined slightly . To my knowledge, no scientist in the late 1990s predicted a roughly 10-year period of no warming at the start of the 21st Century. This suggests that the climate is less sensitive (less reactive to CO2 emissions) than the alleged ???scientific consensus?? has been telling us.",,1_4
"Pachauri has said IPCC reports are written by the world?s top scientists when, in fact, many of those involved are 20-something grad students, green activists, and people appointed with an eye to filling ?diversity? quotas.",,5_2
"Prof Steffen said he would produce an update on the science for the committee , as part of the Garnaut climate change review update, as well as write his own independent report . ( source )",,0_0
"On Wednesday, Exxon agreed to stand down its legal action given Walker's agreement to withdraw his subpoena.",,0_0
"It wasn?t always this way. In the 1960s, when research into global warming was just beginning, it seemed impossible that people could change the global environment; the Earth was just too big. Charles Lyell, the father of modern geology, considered the possibility in detail in the mid-19th century and decided it was impossible because the mass of living things amounted to less than a drop in the bucket compared to the weight of all the materials in the oceans, atmosphere, soil and rocks.",,0_0
"14 For when the Gentiles, which have not the law, do by nature the things contained in the law, these, having not the law, are a law unto themselves:",,0_0
"The two sceptics highlighted the ongoing hiatus in global warming, which has seen temperatures around the world remain basically the same for more than 15 years, following noticeable warming in the 1980s and early 1990s.",,1_4
"Another shortcoming of the GDP measurement involves accounting for quality improvements where no change in price has occurred: BlackBerries or iPhones can do more and are vastly more useful than similarly priced phones from a decade ago. Failing to account for technological quality improvements, for example, results in the same overall impact as overestimating inflation: it undervalues changes in GDP. Examining these inadequacies, among others, demonstrates that GDP may not even be the most accurate indicator of actual income, let alone prosperity. Continual refinements in statistical methods reduce these problems, but they do not eliminate them completely.",,0_0
"In a paper Global warming preceded by increasing carbon dioxide concentrations during the last deglaciation , Shakun et al .( Nature 2012) contend that rising temperature at the end of the last Pleistocene glaciation were preceded by increasing atmospheric CO2. In his usual masterful fashion, Willis Eschenbach has dug deeply into the data used in the paper and shredded the conclusions in it (see http://wattsupwiththat.com/2012/04/06/a-reply-shakun-et-al-dr-munchausen-explains-science-by-proxy/",,5_1
The coal industry is crying foul over new Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) regulations which they say will be among the most be costly rules ever imposed by the agency on coal-fueled power plants.,,0_0
In my previous post I suggested that the addition of gases to the atmosphere from volcanic activity could have increased the atmospheric pressure and that would have changed global temperature giving us the current warm interglacial.,,0_0
"Anders Bolling, Apocalypse cuddly mrker, Bonniers, 2009. See also http://apokalypsensgosigamorker.blogspot.se/",,0_0
"The administrations proposed CO 2 emission limits for existing power plants pose the biggest risk to consumer welfare and the economy. Like it or not, coal still provides the largest share of U.S. electric power . At best, CO 2 emission limits make electricity more costly. At worst, they can destroy coal as an economically-viable electricity fuel and force coal power plants to shut down.",,4_1
"For instance, substituting the ECS of Otto et al. for the outdated Roe and Baker distribution, used in the 2013 TSD, causes the SCC for 2020 to drop 41 percent with the DICE model and over 60 percent with the FUND model. There were similar reductions on the SCC for other years as well.",,0_0
"Thirty-five kilometers per day wouldn't be that hard for OK athletes. But these people may be exhausted, mostly due to their terrible planning. I wish them good luck - but not necessarily miraculously great luck! ;-)",,0_0
"We dont know if its weather or climate. But we have seen a trend in the ice conditions in the last four or five years, said Phil Jenkins, a spokesman for the Department of Fisheries and Oceans. The pups cant swim for very long. They need stable ice. If the ice deteriorates underneath them, they drown.",,0_0
"The report went on, Sir David says that there is ""plenty of evidence' to back up his warning. Levels of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere the main ""green-house gas' causing climate change were already 50 per cent higher than at any time in the last 420,000 years. The last time they were at this level 379 parts per million and rising was 60 million years ago during a rapid period of global warming in the Palaeocene epoch, he said. Levels soared to 1,000 parts per million, causing a massive reduction of life on earth.""",,0_0
"So we should disregard the lessons from past data on hail in China, extreme precipitation events in Hawaii, floods in southern Germany, or the historical occurences of other extreme weather, and instead turn to climate model projections for guidance? We can only hope that he is kidding.",,1_7
"This disagreement goes to the heart of many current political issues and explains much about why people disagree about environmental policy. In the climate debate, for example, pessimists see a limit to the atmosphere's capacity to cope with extra carbon dioxide without rapid warming. So a continuing increase in emissions if economic growth continues will eventually accelerate warming to dangerous rates. But optimists see economic growth leading to technological change that would result in the use of lower-carbon energy. That would allow warming to level off long before it does much harm.",,4_2
Republicans attacked science and egged on conspiracy theories,,0_0
"The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Department of Interior, and the Department of Labor are all promulgating stringent emission standards for new power plants that would effectively prohibit construction of new coal-fired electricity generating capacity unless it is equipped with carbon-capture technologya prohibitively costly technological requirement.",,0_0
Mr. Cuomo then described his selection of penalizing tools he can use against any utility companies that are overly sluggish in this job.,,0_0
"New rock fracturing technology available starting in 2008 has caused a recent boom in Bakken production. By the end of 2010 oil production rates had reached 458,000 barrels (72,800m 3 ) per day outstripping the capacity to ship oil out of the Bakken. The production technology gain has led a veteran industry insider to declare that the USGS estimates are too low.",,4_5
News: Rumors denied by the Fermilab's spokesgirl,,0_0
"At the U.N. climate conference in Lima, Peru, in December, attendees were told that their countries should cut carbon emissions to avoid future damage from storms like typhoon Hagupit, which hit the Philippines during the conference, killing at least 21 people and forcing more than a million into shelters. Yet the trend for landfalling typhoons around the Philippines has actually declined since 1950, according to a study published in 2012 by the American Meteorological Societys Journal of Climate. Again, were told that things are worse than ever, but the facts dont support this.",,1_7
The last monthly record in the GISS station data is June 2009. Ms. Smith would be deeply disappointed that her efforts were in vain. GISS is taking only the McMurdo data now and ignoring Scott Base. Why are we not surprised?,,5_1
Newly appointed gaming regulators will review a loophole in the state's casino-licensing regulation that operators are using to trim their tax bills.,,0_0
"The latest report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change shows that some of the more calamitous projects are rather less likely, raising the question of how much of this agenda is really necessary in short order.",,0_0
"What if warming was set on fast forward, rather than pause? What if surface warming was progressing faster than 95% of the climate models had predicted, rather than slower than 95% of the models? How would the global warming establishment be playing it?",,0_0
"If one looked only at these characteristics, one could easily believe the libertarian-Republican fable. But the two groups are very different when it comes to current politics. Post-Moderns overwhelmingly like Obama and the Democrats; Libertarians don't like him, and vote Republican. The reason is that Post-Moderns agree with the modern Democratic party on a range of matters well beyond social issues.",,0_0
"The El Nio years are isolated in Figures 8 and 9. Using the El Nio years as defined by Nuccitelli, Figure 8, it could be argued that the warming rate of global surface temperatures slowed in recent years but its for a short time period, but with the NOAA method, the warming rate of El Nio years have definitely slowed, Figure 9.",,1_4
"I want every Indian citizen to know: the United States of America will not simply be cheering you on from the sidelines. We will be right there with you, shoulder to shoulder. Because we believe in the promise of India. And we believe that the future is what we make it. President Obama, Nov. 8, 2010",,0_0
"It means that the isolated measurements of the subsystems always eliminate the entanglement; and appropriate measurements of correlated properties of the two subsystems always create the entanglement. The existence of entanglement"" isn't really associated with the a priori unknown outcomes of measurements; it is associated with the type of doable meaasurement that we decide to perform.""",,0_0
We have also shown that land use/land cover change has not been properly assessed inTom KarlsNCDC assessment ofglobal average surface temperature changes ; e.g. see,,5_1
"This is quite remarkable, because the average of all NOAA tide gauges is less than one third of that, at 1.01 mm/year. Eighty four percent of the tide gauges show lower rates than 3.3 mm/year. The median value is only 1.28 mm/year.",,1_6
"As the CO 2 content of the air increases, most plants will likely experience concomitant decreases in oxidative stresses, which trigger the production of reactive compounds that can cause cellular damage. Thus, plants should require reduced concentrations of the enzymes that detoxify these harmful substances; and this phenomenon should allow valuable resources to be invested elsewhere in the plant, which may (to some extent) actually keep low nutrient-induced oxidative stresses from occurring in the first place. Reviewed 15 December 1998",,3_3
That this assumed amplification is present in the models but not in reality explains why the models consistently overestimate recent warming.,,5_1
"As an example, the historical changes and future response of the tropical Pacific mean state have been subjects of debate. Different proposed mechanisms disagree on the expected sign of change in the zonal SST gradient in the tropical Pacific in response to anthropogenic forcing. The observational record does little to clarify the situation, as trends in different observed SST records differ in even their sign (see Fig. 7). Models that simulate the largest El Niolike response have the least realistic simulations of ENSO variability, while models with the most realistic simulations of ENSO project little change in the Pacific zonal SST gradient (Collins 2005). These differences in tropical Pacific interannual variability and change have implications for Pacific decadal variability through their impact on large-scale changes in the atmospheric circulation (e.g., Alexander et al. 2002; Vimont 2005).",,0_0
"Molly: Really, Heath? Really? That sounds kinda biophobic to me.",,0_0
"Yes, I would say that pretty much confirms it.",,0_0
"There were 1209 proxies (from some larger candidate set) that met three initial screening criteria, (such as minimum length of record and stated minimum correlation among the individual members at a given site). From these 1209 records, a nominal screening cutoff of p < .10 with either of the two closest instrumental temperature grid points, was established. (After accounting for temporal autocorrelation, this p value rises slightly to p < .128). If one assumes a positive relationship between ring measure and temperature (i.e. one tailed test), the expected number of sites meeting this criterion is: 1209 * .128 = 155. (If one assumes that either a positive or negative relationship might occur, which they do not, the number is half that, about 78.)",,0_0
"The process of territorialization of the seas has been twofold: the enlarging"" of territorial waters from 12 miles to 200 miles, but also the ""deepening"" of territorialization. Twenty years ago, offshore wells were being drilled in just a few hundred feet of water; with ever-improving technology, prospecting then moved to deep water (i.e. beyond 1,300 feet) and more recently still to ""ultra-deep"" drilling under as much as 10,000 feet, with dramatic consequences for some countries like Brazil, who went from quasi-total dependence on foreign oil to quasi-total independence.""",,0_0
"Finally, and most troubling, are the suggestions that a tribe of incestuous climate scientists may have actively conspired to undermine the peer-review process.",,5_2
statement. Since that day I have tried to include it whenever I can.,,0_0
"The figure above also highlights the strong divergences between the IPCC model and the temperature, which are explicitly studied in my papers proving that the IPCC model are not able to reconstruct any of the natural oscillations observed at multiple scales. For example, look at the 60-year cycle I extensively discuss in my papers : from 1910 to 1940 a strong warming trending is observed in the data, but the warming trending in the model is far lower; from 1940 to 1970 a cooling is observed in the data while the IPCC model still shows a warming; from 1970 to 2000, the two records present a similar trending (this period is the one originally used to calibrate the sensitivities of the models); the strong divergence observed in 1940-1970, repeats since 2000, with the IPCC model projecting a steady warming at 2.3 o C/century , while the temperature shows a steady harmonically modulated trending highlighted in my widget and reproduced in my model.",,5_1
"The animation below shows the huge increase in old/thick ice in the Beaufort Sea over the past twoyears. If this trend continues, ice will be back to 1980s levels in three or four years.",,1_1
"Temperature data from 1079 stations worldwide contributed to the analysis, 134 of them being located in the 50 US states. Data from essentially the same few stations have been used for the past twenty-four months. Many, many hundreds of stations that have historically been included in the record and still collect data today continue to be ignored by GISS in global temperature calculations.",,5_1
"(Although operational at the time, the original records for 1934 are not available for Bremo Bluff and Piedmont, so figures for both years have instead been sourced from GISS).",,0_0
"In that sense, the secretive session in Alpbach was not only a planning session, but also the equivalent of a half-time locker room huddle.",,0_0
and using his popularity and momentum to capture enough Democrats to overcome,,0_0
"Climate models are the basis for much of the gloom and doom predictions of warming. The problem is that the models are terrible even at hindcasting , which somewhat detracts from their predictive credibility.",,5_1
California High Speed Rail Governor's Veto may be Illegal:,,0_0
"9 hours ago Australias antarctic runway melting. AUSTRALIAS $46 million Antarctic airstrip is melting, leaving the government scrambling to find a new air ...",,0_0
"Although it may surprise many politicians, a few economic laws remain immutable. One of the most obvious and the most often ignored dictates that a price held below what supply and demand would prescribe will produce shortages, such as we see now causing rolling blackouts.",,0_0
"Coming from India where we routinely suffer power cuts due to mixed-market policies of the government, I found this fantastic. Let's use the wavelength of both light and philosophy to keep darkness at bay.",,0_0
"Climate scientists say it will take at least ten years of continuing observation and theoretical studies to decide whether increasing CO2 levels are likely to cause significant global warming. T. P. Barnett, co-reviewer of the 1995 IPCC report, states, The next 10 years will tell; we're going to have to wait that long to really see.""37 K. Hasselmann of Germany's Max Planck Institute for Meteorology concurs, ""It will take another decade or so to work up out of the noise."" 38""",,5_1
"How can you tell whether a death was caused by airborne particles and not by viruses, bacteria, dietary habits, obesity, smoking, diabetes, cold weather and countless other factors? It's impossible.",,0_0
Drill cores taken from Greenland??s vast ice sheets show that Earth??s climate is capable of very rapid transitions and abrupt climate change.,,2_1
"There are other climate establishments in this world, and they havent come to the same conclusions about what causes global warming.",,5_1
"A long-term study rebuts the Progressive Nitrogen Limitation Hypothesis, revealing that there is good real-world experimental evidence to suggest that the growth-enhancing effect of atmospheric CO 2 enrichment will not gradually wind down with the passage of time due to declining availability of soil nitrogen, in strong contradiction of what many climate alarmists have suggested?? Read More",,3_3
"???As shown in the accompanying figure, the d11B-derived pH values for the South China Sea fluctuated between a pH of 7.91 and 8.29 during the past seven thousand years, revealing a large natural fluctuation in this parameter that is nearly four times the 0.1 pH unit decline the acidification alarmists predict should have occurred since pre-industrial times.??",,3_2
"It applies only to certain systems whose output (in a circuit, the voltage) does not operate to bring the system back into balance after an overload. But in the climate rising temperature restores the balance between incoming and outgoing radiation. Warming acts against the feedbacks. It damps them down.",,0_0
"3) Snow: Why Britain Has Been Brought To A Standstill Again Daily Express, 3 December 2010",,0_0
"However, the exclusion stipulates that all large-scale field tests, as well as any field release of biotech organisms involving unusual species or novel modifications, still generally require an Environmental Assessment or EIS. But the list of excluded or included activities could be modified via notice-and-comment rulemaking in which the agency sets forth the complete analysis and rationale for excluding the activity. The USDA could propose categorical exclusions for some of the classes of genetically engineered crops with which it now has more than two decades' of pre-commercial and commercial experience, including herbicide-tolerant varieties of common crop species. But such carve-outs would leave intact NEPA's fundamentally flawed, process-based approach to biotechnology.",,0_0
"Americans have had it. Polls show that they now consider health care one of the biggest domestic issues, usually second only to the overall strength of the economy. Even a majority of physicians, who during the 1940s stood as the strongest opposition to President Truman s plans for national health insurance, support government-run health care.",,0_0
"DCC/CC scientists have also included fundamentally flawed literature reviews such Oreskes 2004, Anderegg et al 2010, and Cook et al 2013 as robust measures of 97-98% scientific consensus for CAGW. All three of these studies has been heavily criticized in the scientific literature for flawed methodology which distorted the results.",,5_1
"But when leaders neither criticized nor condemned the assertions, it gave them more legitimacy with voters.",,0_0
"Here is another way he can show the Chinese that when he has a goal he intends to pursue it, and if they try to thwart him, they will pay a high price indeed.",,0_0
"Worst, all this fakery pales next to what the full Energy and Commerce Committee had blessed as proof of imminent Climate Armageddon in April 2009. The Democrats' superstar witness was renowned climatologist Al Gore, who had earned a C and a D in the only science courses he took in college.",,5_2
The UK Governments former chief scientific adviser has accused green activists of putting the fight against climate change at risk by wanting to take society back to the 17th century.,,0_0
"Ethanol and Land Consumption. In a February 2008 Science article, researchers calculated that producing 15 billion gallons of corn ethanol to meet U.S. ethanol goals would require the diversion of corn from 12.8 million hectares of U.S. cropland and would, in turn, bring 10.8 million hectares of additional land into cultivation. Locations would include 2.8 million hectares in Brazil, 2.3 million in China and India, and 2.2 million here in the United States.",,0_0
"No, it wasn't a conspiracy plotted by Big Oil or Republican operatives using mercenary hackers after all. And unless you happen to get all your news from the mainstream media, you will undoubtedly recognize that by Climategate"", I'm referring here to the thousands of leaked email communications between prominent international researchers within the U.K.'s University of East Anglia Climate Research Unit (CRU) network. That person (yes, single individual) has come forth to shed light on a real conspiracy one to spread false alarm about a concocted global warming crisis.""",,5_2
This is just lobbying by science and press release all leading up to this big UN climate summit coming in December.,,0_0
"One recent manifestation of this phenomenon is the effort to define climate change as a national security"" issue a discovery that conveniently followed in the wake of President Obama's characteristically modest prediction that his presidential nomination would be remembered as ""the moment when the rise of the oceans began to slow and our planet began to heal."" We've even heard it said of late that childhood obesity a cause which just happens to be the personal crusade of the First Lady threatens U.S. national security by rendering ever more young Americans unfit for military service, thus reducing the talent pool of young recruits available to our armed forces. Childhood obesity, it has been proclaimed, is ""an epidemic that threatens national security.""",,0_0
"A few months ago, Tom Buis, the CEO of the pro-ethanol group Growth Energy (2013 budget: about $19.5 million) claimed that the ethanol industry gives American consumers savings when they go and fill up at the pump."" The exact opposite is true: Ethanol is more expensive than gasoline. In fact, on an energy-equivalent basis which is the essential factor in comparing motor fuels it has been more expensive than gasoline for more than three decades.""",,4_4
"Roy Spencer, from the University of Alabama, discovered the error just a few days ago which according to meteorologist Anthony Watts, accounts for 24% of the 0.74 deg C global warming claimed for 1905-2005.",,5_1
"That wasn't the only nonsensical idea he presented, the scientists told me.""",,0_0
"Kenneth P. Green, Steven F. Hayward, and Kevin A. Hassett, Climate Change: Caps vs. Taxes,"" Environmental Policy Outlook, June 1, 2007. (Washington: American Enterprise Institute). Available at http://www.aei.org/publications/filter.all,pubID.26286/pub detail.asp.""",,0_0
Depth 66.2 km (41.1 miles) set by location program,,0_0
"Reviving cap and trade or implementing a similarly costly carbon tax is even less likely today than four years ago, as the House of Representatives is controlled by Republicans, many of whom are unconvinced of the magnitude of climate change or of the efficacy of unilateral action. Similarly, interfering in the market through preferential policies and subsidies financed by taxpayer dollars designed to support green energy projectsadding to the tens of billions of dollars passed in the 2009 American Recovery and Reinvestment Actis unlikely to elicit bipartisan support when Congress is grappling with how to reduce spending.",,0_0
"WCVB TV reports that, Boston also set a record with the most snow in 30 days with 60.8 inches.'""",,1_3
Shlaes's achievement stands out for the devastating effect of its understated prose and for its wide sweep of characters and themes. It deserves to become the preeminent revisionist history for general readers.,,0_0
"Levi, Ebinger and most recently the DOE addressed Markey's dubious thesis that expanding LNG exports would increase our dependence on foreign supplies. They concluded much the oppositea growing export market would increase energy security by expanding overall supply while also providing invaluable geopolitical chips to support US foreign policy goals, all with only minor impact on domestic prices.",,0_0
"The world?s governing elites, however, no longer care about poverty. Climate change is their new focus.",,0_0
"The third, fourth, and fifth experts"" were less well-known than Paul Ehrlich but the homeowner would probably soon realize that they're going to the pub with the previous two and, it just happens, they have been both very active in promoting the same junk politicians. The sane guy would learn that this loosely connected gang is doing business in the whole world and is getting $2 billion a year just for ""determining"" that pretty much every hous e needs a new wiring. It seems to be a great business.""",,0_0
"It's a cooling trend equaling 1.3F per century. And not a single government sponsored climate expert, nor wildly expensive climate model, predicted such.",,1_2
"Figure 12. Coral seems to be A-OK with CO2 levels of 1,000 ppmv. This might explain how they thrived in the Mesozoic Era.",,3_2
"So EPA needed additional studies, to back up its expansive, bogus epidemiological assertions. The new studies, JunkScience.com director Steve Milloy discovered, involved human test subjects. They raised numerous new legal, ethical and scientific problems.",,0_0
"Lamb, Christina. Chopping Down Rainforest Myths,"" Financial Times, January 8, 1992, p. 47.""",,0_0
He was bragging today that New York has lowered its carbon footprint. Keeping the electricity off in Rockaway is a crime. Mygrandmotherlived there for 70 years until two weeks before Sandy hit.,,0_0
"CEI has attempted to impose a sort of etiquette of freedom"" and ""chivalry of common sense"" upon government. CEI debunked the genetically altered food scare. There's only one thing that's scary about foodnot having enough of it, as the hungry half of the world can tell you.""",,0_0
"The Kyoto Protocol also spells out what happens to countries that breach their commitments. There is a 130 percent penalty in the second Kyoto period for each ton by which the targets are breached. That means that the second-period targets will be considerably larger than the first period's targets, which the EU countries are already finding impossible to meet.",,0_0
"The dramatic transformation to a supposedly green economy still largely undefined will not be cheap. In fact, according to the UN, the price tag will be in the trillions of dollars per year. And consumer prices will have to increase across the board, too, with food, energy, and housing at the top of the list.",,4_1
"Note to Commenters: Many, many of you have disagreed with me vociferously on immigration. Please, I would love to see reasoned comments defending Brewer, particularly with data. In particular, please use the laws of supply and demand to explain how the majority of 8-12 million people are able to earn a living in the illegal drug trade in the southwest. To help you out, there are about 6.6 million people in Arizona. Based on national rates of 8% of over age 12 being users, about 500,000 of those are illegal drug users. One estimate is that there are 500,000 illegal immigrants in Arizona.",,0_0
The jerk you mention was called Good(e)rich who found urban warming at,,0_0
"Second, is that fossil fuels are likely to come down in price than go up. In particular in Britain the shale gas revolution will guarantee supplies for a generation and are more likely to see gas prices fall in real terms, than rise.",,4_5
Heartland Institute Experts Respond to EPA's Proposed Methane Regulations,,0_0
"one hand, one can say that there is someone frtjnst on scientific parameters change value every 6 r. the other hand, one can frvnas over these 35 years with psttt framgngsrik research, nor has meant that oskerhetsmarginalerna shrunk. I remember that it was this table that either Nir Shaviv or Roy Spencer summarized in a bar graph, which he described as his life's most monotonous. Among AGW critics vckte there is a certain attention to the AR5 researched oskerheten compared to AR4 by snka the lower border from ECS.",,0_0
"The Science Media Centre is best known to readers here for its press release about the Oxburgh inquiry, in which they managed to quote only scientists implicated in wrongdoing over Climategate.",,0_0
"Special Note: It's no surprise that U.S. Congressman Markey (a Democrat) has yet to call for an inquiry into the Fakegate climate scientist who admitted conducting a wire fraud incident, which just happens to be a felony.",,5_2
"Our lawsuit is a huge, historic first step toward holding companies accountable for these pernicious pollutants that threaten our health, economy, environment, and quality of life now and increasingly in the future. The eventual effects . . . increasing asthma and heat-related illnesses, eroding shorelines, floods and other natural disasters, loss of forests and other precious resources.'",,0_0
Conservative Groups Criticize Senate Climate Title,,0_0
Agency expects new rule to boost oil extraction technique that critics say negates emissions reductions,,0_0
"In 2003 and 2005, I was working to pass the Clear Skies bill, which was the most aggressive initiative in history to reduce emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, and mercury in fact, this bill would have reduced mercury emissions by 70% by 2018. So in just 6 years from now, we would already have had a 70% reduction. It was a plan that would have improved our air by reducing utility emissions faster, cheaper, and more efficiently than the Clean Air Act as it still stands today. And it would have done all this without harming jobs.",,0_0
"Our suspicions that something fishy was going on were confirmed when top secret satellite data was leaked to us from a highly confidential source . The data was generated by sophisticated sensing techniques known as taking a picture in space to form an image of the surface of the Earth. When we got it, complex algorithms called Photoshop running on a supercomputer called a Pentium P5 at Climate Resistance HQ processed the data to make the image readable by humans, and to reveal the truth to the claims that the world faces water shortages.",,5_2
"Just as troubling is the shameful appeal Trump is making, as the Republican standard-bearer, to racist, anti-Semitic, and nativist elements in the populace. To their detriment, party leaders did little to discourage those nefarious appeals. Getting the racist genie back in the bottle may prove impossible.",,0_0
"Tom Crowley, a key member of Mann's global warming hockey team, showed crass disregard for the lying and hiding: I am not convinced that the ""truth' is always worth reaching, if it is at the cost of damaged personal relationships."" It's more important to keep the career back-scratching team happy.""",,5_2
"Pictures of cuddly polar bear cubs have been a mainstay of many organisations wanting you to donate to their cause of saving the polar bears for many years. Polar bears live in the Arctic and are well adapted to that environment. The NG article On Thin Ice mentioned above also contains photographs of polar bears in their natural habitat. Thats where things really get interesting: most of these pictures were taken at Svalbard which is OUTSIDE even NGs exaggerated minimum summer sea-ice extent, the other ones at unspecified locations, perhaps the local zoo.",,3_2
"According to a press release from the British Antarctic Survey, temperatures of the Antarctic peninsula were 1.3C warmer than today 11,000 years ago . Examination of a graph from the paper also indicates nearby sea surface temperatures were up to a remarkable 10C warmer than the 1961-1990 mean 12,000 years ago as the Earth emerged from the last major ice age. The graph also indicates the Antarctic peninsula warmed at a much faster rate from 13,000 to 12,000 years ago than over the past 1000 years. Greenhouse gases could not possibly explain this radical climate change, especially given the fact that there was little change in greenhouse gases during these periods and that infrared radiation from greenhouse gases cannot heat the oceans.",,2_1
"In the concluding paragraph of their report, Kathilankal et al . declare that in a scenario of atmospheric warming and increased atmospheric CO 2 levels, S. alterniflora will likely respond positively to both changes,"" and they suggest that these responses ""will result in increased S. alterniflora productivity,"" which, we would add, should be good news for western Atlantic intertidal marshes and the many beneficial services that smooth cordgrass provides to those ecosystems.""",,3_3
"The only waygreenhouse gas regulationscould stop oil spills is bymaking deep water drilling unprofitable. That, however, would make America more dependent on IMPORTEDoil (duh!). Is that want opponents of S.J.Res.26 want?",,4_1
"In the words of the authors, virtually all of the heat transport in the southern hemisphere is confined to a shallow circulation in the upper 500m,"" while ""in the northern hemisphere a contribution by a deeper circulation is still present and represents the contribution of North Atlantic Deep Water."" However, they say ""it only amounts to 0.4 PW out of the total , the rest being surface intensified."" What it means""",,0_0
"And despite common claims that the ???science is settled?? when it comes to global warming, we are still learning more and more about the earth complex climate systemand the more we learn, the less responsive it seems that the earths average temperature is to human carbon dioxide emissions.",,5_1
"Just like temperature, radiant energy flows do not add. Lumping two 70 balls of clay together doesn't result in a single ball that's 140 , nor do 70 watts per square meter beaming back onto a body that's radiating 70 raise it to 140 . Frankly, it is stupid to think otherwise.",,0_0
"Finally John, your statements attributing later fall coolings and earlier spring bloomings as evidence of global warming lack example and specificity needed in order to frame a substantive response. One very plausible explanation could be attributed to CO2 fertilization. Notwithstanding the matter of where and when these conditions arise, CO2 increases most certainly benefit agriculture. By the same token, if there is no reliably measurable evidence of global warming from thermometers, those undocumented species migrations you alluded to prove nothing either.",,0_0
Rep. Joe Barton (R-TX) announces plans to counter the Environmental Protection Agency's recent finding on greenhouse gases.,,0_0
Sulla Denuncia Contro George W Bush Per Crimini Di Guerra,,0_0
That is since 1940 Canberra Airport data started in 1939 I can not find daily data from the Canberra city area before that can anybody help ?,,0_0
"Bangladesh is awash with climate adaptation projects. But I am left wondering: what makes for success? And how do you know when you see it? In the capital Dhaka, I track down Bangladeshi scientist Saleemul Huq, leading climate adaptation expert, and author for the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IP CC).",,0_0
"The idea there was that Dr. Frankenstein was doing something against nature, and that somehow the genetically engineered food crops are against nature. And as a biologist, Im just baffled by that line of argument because agriculture has been in that sense against nature for 10,000 years. That were finally able to do more precise tuning of the crops is a huge gain, not a loss.",,0_0
"4 EPA, New Source Review: Report to the President, p.15.",,0_0
"Ross Clark, Daily Express, 3 December 2010: ONE of the first tasks for the team conducting the Department for Transport?s ?urgent review? into the inability of our transport system to cope with snow and ice will be to interview the cocky public figure who assured breakfast TV viewers last month that ?I am pretty confident we will be OK? at keeping Britain moving this winter. They were uttered by Transport secretary Philip Hammond himself, who just a fortnight later is already being forced to eat humble pie If you want a laugh I recommend reading theResilience Of England?s Transport Systems In Winter, an interim report by the DfT published last July. It is shockingly complacent. Rather than look for solutions to snow-induced gridlock the authors seem intent on avoiding the issue. The Met Office assured them ?the effect of climate change is to gradually but steadily reduce the probability of severe winters in the UK?.",,0_0
"In the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth District, for example, an abbey of Benedictine monks is currently challenging the constitutionality of a Louisiana state law that restricts the sale of 'funeral merchandise' to licensed funeral establishments. (The monks would like to sell handmade wooden coffins directly to the public but have no interest in taking on other funerary services such as embalming or transporting bodies.) In states unimpeded by the sort of economic protectionism the monks are seeking to abolish, the Web has had a dramatic impact on casket prices. The wholesale discounter Costco has been selling caskets on its website since 2004, with the least expensive model going for just $949.",,0_0
"Speaking of fossil energy-thirsty China, Kerry has deftly negotiated a unique cooperative effort"" with the country to combat climate change. Speaking at a press conference at a Beijing car-making factory he said: ""I'm very pleased to report today that the leaders of China have agreed to join us in a mutual effort China and the United States will put extra effort into exchanging information and discussing policies that will help both of us to be able to develop and lead on the standards that need to be announced next year in the global climate change agreement.""",,0_0
The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) launched a new television ad Thursday blasting Nevada Republican Sharron Angle.,,0_0
"We sure would like to know what curative drugs hes got in mind. We arent aware of any drugs that cure cancer. And if Big Pharma has stopped selling cheap drugs that dont work, well, whats the problem? They dont work.",,0_0
"However, even Soon's critics agree that studies such as his, which bring together a variety of measures to flesh out climate history, are rapidly coming of age. Over the past eight to 10 years what's called multi-proxy mapping has become more common, says Malcolm Hughes of the University of Arizona's Laboratory of Tree-Ring Research. Hughes and his colleagues have just published in the International Journal of Climatology a 1,000-year climate record for New Mexico and Arizona based on two methods of analyzing a set of 19 long-lived trees.",,0_0
But I suppose thats just not good politics. Better to curse someone else for the darkness than to light a candle,,0_0
"Many Europeans blame the United States for this lack of progress. In Europe, the social demand for action on climate appears to be stronger than it is in the United States. Yet, even in Europe, GHG reductions have not been nearly as sharp as those stipulated by the Kyoto Protocol. European leaders harshly criticized America's rejection of the Kyoto Protocol. Economically, though, for the U.S., the Protocol's costs would have more than outweighed its benefits. Politically, its high costs clearly exceeded the rather low U.S. national willingness to paya mismatch that doomed its chances for acceptance. The experience raises a question about whether the conditions that would permit a better outcome are yet in place.",,0_0
"As Antarctic sea ice soars to record levels, experts warn that penguins are threatened by disappearing sea ice.",,1_1
"Government climate scientists respond predictably by further tampering with temperature data, and claiming record warm sea surface temperatures.",,5_2
"If we are searching for new liability lawsuit targets, I'd suggest gest taking a look at the global scaremongering industry first. Since the early 1970s, the Club of Rome, Paul Ehrlich, the Worldwatch Institute and a host of others have been predicting that the world is on the verge of mass famines, plagues, running out of fossil fuels and a new ice age.",,0_0
"As independent scientific advisors to Senator Fielding have shown , the IPCC-derived science advice that the Australian Government is using as the basis for its carbon dioxide tax legislation is utterly flawed. This finding has yet to be rebutted.",,5_2
"The False Allure of Group Selection , Pinker explains in quite some detail why he has a problem with the very concept and philosophy of group selection.",,0_0
"What recent research says about fraud, errors, and other dismaying academic problems",,0_0
"Trapping depth varies with climatic conditions, so the air-ice age difference could vary between 2500 and 6000 years.",,0_0
"As long as metals prices are this low, the miners will have shut in capacity. That means fewer orders for the giant trucks, cranes, and the tires that those use. Those stocks will likely be down for a while too.",,0_0
"In fact, it is renewable energy that has its market share inflated artificially. Of the 5,356 megawatts of power scheduled to be generated from those sources, only 291 megawatts would be generated without states having ordered their production. The inevitable result of such a command approach to the production of energy is higher prices.",,0_0
"Nonetheless, Codevilla argues that the aristocracy can be toppled through political means. His expectation is that the Republican Party will be transformed into one that represents the interests of the productive class or will be replaced by such a party, in order to get their votes:",,0_0
"The Age reported the GG as passionate about the climate change issue. He listed a raft of alternative energy options to be explored with interestingly nuclear power being one of those options. Setting the tone for the conference the GG said As a concerned layman, I would suggest the Australian public, to become fully energised on global warming, needs to have a general idea on the answers to the following questions:",,0_0
"in the U.S. there has been little temperature change in the past 50 years, the time of rapidly increasing greenhouse gases in fact, there was a slight cooling throughout much of the country (Figure 2).",,1_4
"This is a key fundamental issue. If the models cannot skillfully predict CHANGES in the statistics of weather patterns, they add no value for the impacts community beyond what is available from the historical record, the recent paleo-record and worst case sequence of real world observed events. Thus, we should not be giving multi-decadal climate model climate change statistics to the impacts community and claim they have any skill.",,5_1
Toyota To Pay Tesla $60 Million For RAV4 Electric Components:,,0_0
"Last September, when the First Working Group (Physical Basis) released its fifth report, I was sort of optimistic (on TV and in a newsletter), suggesting that we may be nicely surprised by Spring 2014. The other parts of the IPCC may very well see the light before WG1 and they may conclude that there is no problem before others do.",,0_0
"If the common man needed more proof that normal news organs are intentionally hiding front-page events, this is it. Last week my family went to dinner at a local pizza joint, and I took the opportunity to bring them up-to-date regarding Climategate. From the next table over came a cry from one diner to their partner on overhearing my remarks, See, I told you it was true there's somebody else talking about it right over there!"" Throughout the country and the world, the same thing is happening on the subway, in restaurants, in the office as the truth is passed from one to another, with proof supplied instantly online, despite even the best efforts of Google.""",,0_0
"Polar Ice Check - Still a lot of ice up there Watts Up With That? In most years, there are open waters in the area north of the archipelago in July month. Studies from this year however show that the area is covered by ice, the Meteorological Institute writes in a press release. In mid-July, the research vessel Lance and the Swedish ship MV Stockholm got stuck in ice in the area and needed help from the Norwegian Coast Guard to get loose. The ice findings from the area spurred surprise among the researchers, many of whom expect the very North Pole to be ice-free by September this year.",,1_1
"By far the largest number of local glaciers in north-east Greenland had receded very greatly during recent decades , and it would not be exaggeratingto say that these glaciers were nearinga catastrophe .",,0_0
"But the main problem is the longstanding one: if you take a small subpopulation of hockeystick shaped bristlecones and mix them with a population of proxies that are indistinguishable from white noise/red noise and apply typical multiproxy recipes, you will get back a HS-shaped reconstruction.",,5_1
"Unfortunately, coral reefs are supposed to be threatened by increasing CO2. It??s supposed to make the various animals?? carbonate skeletons and shells dissolve, by decreasing the ???pH?? of the ocean (pH is a measure of relative alkalinity/acidity) and thus making the seas more neutral than they are today. Careful chemical calculations based on the complex carbonate chemistry of the ocean are said to prove that, no question. Aquarium tests are said to have shown it beyond a doubt, with statistically significant results. The claim has been repeated ad nauseam ?? and yet the reefs are thriving where they are not impacted by true threats like pollution and coral mining and curiously, the killing of parrotfish .",,3_2
"Further, the political downside to supporting the legislation is unambiguous. Americans are primarily concerned with jobs and the economy. Any significant effort spent on other legislation will reignite charges, originally hurled during the lengthy and unsuccessful health-care debate, that the White House and Democrats in Congress are out of touch with voters' needs.",,0_0
"Torcellos America would also see countless scientists thrown into prison for continually presenting evidence that shows there is no scientific evidence that human activity is causing the planet to warm. The latest to be locked up would be Greenpeace co-founder Patrick Moore, who testified in front of a Senate committee last month that There is no scientific proof that human emissions of carbon dioxide (CO2) are the dominant cause of the minor warming of the Earths atmosphere over the past 100 years.",,2_3
"The consensus agrees that humans are driving the increase in temperatures, except for the minor detail that temperatures arent increasing.",,1_4
"Over at Tallblokes Talkshop , moderator Tim Channon wondered about this regularly hot station reported in the news:",,0_0
More and more senators appear to be favouring a delay in the passing of the ETS legislation. The latest to go public is Family First senator Steve Fielding:,,0_0
Global Yinyang: Lack of snow proves warming as does prolific snow,,0_0
"This graph demonstrates whats really happened in the past 2,000 years:",,0_0
"Windmills and solar panels sound wonderful. Except that the UK wind isnt blowing and the German sun isnt shining. --Donna Lamframboise, No Frakking Consensus, 3 March 2013",,4_4
"However, both the reconstructed winter temperatures as well as indirect indicators of summer temperatures suggest the Medieval period before the 1200s was at least as warm as at the end of the 1990s in Svalbard.",,2_1
"The UK MET Office has released its updated long term averages for the 1980-2010 period. This contains some interesting items which well be analysing and commenting on. Of particular note are increases in rainfall, sunshine hours, and of course, temperature (0.52C compared to the 1961-1991 average). Notably, although these increases are predicated on the trend in warming observed globally over land, the trace gas carbon dioxide doesnt get a mention. Natural variation does get a mention, Mike Kendon says:",,2_1
"The most studied and extensive of these events occurred 93.9 million years ago. By looking at the chemistry of rocks deposited during that time period, specifically coupled carbon and sulfur isotope data, a research team led by University of California, Riverside biogeochemists reports that oxygen-free and hydrogen sulfide-rich waters extended across roughly five percent of the global ocean during this major climatic perturbation far more than the modern oceans 0.1 percent but much less than previous estimates for this event.",,0_0
"At the People?s Climate Conference, which was held in tandem with the 2009 Copenhagen Summit, Higgins explained that we need a paradigm shift, a change in approaches to addressing climate change. She said we need to stop looking at planet Earth as an ?inert thing? that can be commoditised, since this only benefits businesses. Instead, we should view the planet as a living being that has intrinsic value. Only when such a mindset prevails can we really ensure that humans will start taking responsibility for the planet.",,0_0
"There are two tide gauges in the San Francisco Bay one shows 0.00 mm/year since 1980, and the other shows -0.78 mm/year since 1980.",,1_6
"Many of the so-called solutions the green movement proposes consist of turning back the clock and relying on technology we left behind decades, even centuries ago: They want us to use windmills and railroads, use more land for crops (and thereby less for forests), and burn plants to make energy. Now, there has come along a fellow who thinks air conditioning is a bane rather than a boon and hankers for the offices of the 1940s.",,0_0
"If rising atmospheric CO2 levels drive global temperatures upward, as they insist, why is Earth not suffering from the dangerous ???fever?? that Al Gore predicted? Instead, after mild warming at the end of the twentieth century, global temperatures have leveled off for the past decade, amid steadily rising carbon dioxide levels.",,1_4
"The details of the goal include some highly questionable assertions. From 1880 to 2012, average global temperature increased by 0.85C. As pointed out by the Socit de Calcul Mathmatique, we do not have the ability to calculate average global surface temperatures today, much less in 1880.",,5_1
"However, she did propose that the AMS establish what amounts to a global warming litmus test for meteorologists seeking AMS certification. And given the importance professional societies put on continuing education, it is hard to see how in practice Cullen's proposal would not threaten the credentials of meteorologists who are skeptical about the alleged perils of global warming.",,0_0
"Brian Slattery, Bryan Riley, and Nicolas D. Loris, Sink the Jones Act: Restoring America's Competitive Advantage in Maritime-Related Industries,"" Heritage Foundation Backgrounder No. 2886, May 22, 2014, http://www.heritage.org/research/reports/2014/05/sink-the-jones-act-restoring-americas-competitive-advantage-in-maritime-related-industries.""",,0_0
"the longest continuous runof seasonal drought during the modern period was 5 years, whereas the pre-modern periodcontained episodes of six, seven and eight consecutive-year droughts. Similarly, the 20thcentury, with only 9 winter and 12 summer droughts, contained fewer multiyear events thanany other century. The uniqueness of the 20th century is further highlighted by the markedoccurrence of protracted dual-season pluvials, rather than drought, over this period. Perhapsof greatest relevance, this study suggests that severe and sustained episodes of dual-seasondrought, which are largely missing from the instrumental period, have occurred multipletimes in the past (e.g., 1660s, 1740s, 1890s).",,1_7
"The answer is that they probably will. What both Obama and the Russians know is that Obama doesn't have an alternative. If the Russians break the deal, will Obama unleash massive American support for an anti-Assad offensive? No. Will the White House assemble a coalition of regional allies to bring the war criminals to justice? Nyet. Will the U.S. force Russia to pay some dire price on some other issue in world politics? Almost certainly not.",,0_0
"This suite of aragonitic cold-water coral species,"" as the eleven researchers describe them, ""collectively show an overall trend of higher ??pH values that is anti-correlated with seawater pH, with systematics generally consistent with biologically controlled pH up-regulation."" And this result indicates that, ""like symbiont-bearing tropical corals (Trotter et al ., 2011), they have the ability to ameliorate or buffer external changes in seawater pH by up-regulating their pH cf at the site of calcification.""",,3_2
The real Clarke and Dawe on Climate Change. (Remember it was two years ago).,,0_0
"Russia has announced a ban on wheat exports for the rest of the year. They must. Though they are now a major wheat exporter, the recent drought had caused a large shortfall, now wild fires are burning many fields of what remains.",,0_0
"Hurricanes have not increased in the U.S. in frequency, intensity or normalized damage since at least 1900, Pielke added. The same holds for tropical cyclones globally since at least 1970.",,1_7
"Not all federal lands have oil-and-gas, or other mineral-extraction, potential, so a reversal of policy may not increase production by the 61% seen on state and private landsbut it could mean the U.S. not only passes Saudi Arabia in oil production, it leaves it in a dust storm.",,0_0
"A Cajun Navy"" formed as people took to their personal boats and ferried their neighbors to safety. A ""Cajun Marine Corps."" followed as local people joined their professional responders to lend a helping hand.""",,0_0
Liberal Senator Eric Abetz said the Greens leader should apologise for his insensitive comments.,,0_0
"download large Hemispheric Trends image (81 KB, PDF)",,0_0
"And note, a doctrine is a set of beliefs or principles quite separate from action.",,0_0
"Right now, the solar cycle is in a valley--the deepest of the past century. In 2008 and 2009, the sun setmodern agerecords for low sunspot counts, weak solar wind, and low solar irradiance. The sun has gone more than two years without a significant solar flare. Take a look at the widget above right - zero sunspots-for far longer than thenext solar cycle had been predicted tostart. Might this be part of the reason for the travesty"" (quotinga climategate email ) of global cooling over the past decade?""",,2_1
"Sachs's not-so-subtle shift of emphasis from the pipeline itself to the carbon budget"" belies his denial that he and his allies simply oppose fossil fuels. Given his reliance on the worst-case RCP8.5 scenario, it is axiomatic that the use of fossil fuels must be reduced dramatically in order to adhere to the ""carbon budget."" At the end of his response, Sachs asserts the existence of a ""globally agreed objective of avoiding dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate system."" Really? Unless this is just a tautology driven by the term ""dangerous,"" the agreed objective to which Sachs refers is entirely obscure. We have just observed the end of the 19th(!) Conference of the Parties in Warsaw, at which the only ""agreement"" was on the restaurants to be patronized at the 20th and 21st COPs in Lima and Paris. Professor Sachs would be well advised to adhere to scholarly standards of skepticism and a close alliance with evidence rather than ideology.""",,0_0
"Petitioners in Mass v. EPA denied the case posed any risks to the U.S. economy,claiming, for example, that, The NAAQS program is entirely separate from the mobile source program at issue in this case( Initial Brief of Petitioners , August 31, 2006, p. 28). Not so.",,0_0
The turkey thought it was special and would always be looked after.,,0_0
"Is there a consensus in the climate modeling community on the validity of regional climate prediction by dynamical downscaling? A large number of dynamical downscaling efforts are underway worldwide. This is not necessarily because it is meaningful to do it, but simply because it is possible to do it. It is not without precedent that quite deficient climate models are used by large communities simply because it is convenient to use them . It is self-evident that if a coarse resolution IPCC model does not correctly capture the large-scale mean and transient response, a high-resolution regional model, forced by the lateral boundary conditions from the coarse model, can not improve the response . Considering the important role of multi-scale interactions and feedbacks in the climate system, it is essential that the IPCC-class global models themselves be run at sufficiently high resolution.",,5_1
election-year books about President Obama's national security record thus far. James Mann and David Sanger are among the most sure-handed journalists on that particular beat. In their accounts of,,0_0
"But he pointed out that warming has slowed down since 2000, in comparison to the rapid warming of the world since the 1970s.",,1_4
Why Hasn?t The Earth Warmed In Nearly 15 Years?,,1_4
Ethanol is a versatile fuel. And the benefits are easy to recognize when you think about it. . . . Ethanol is good for our rural communities. It's good economic development for rural America. . . . Ethanol is good for the environment. . . . thanol's good for drivers. . . . Ethanol's good for the whole country.,,0_0
"And after nearly 30 years in operation, it is unclear what Heartland stands for when it comes to climate change beyond resistance to putting any kind of restraint on business.",,0_0
"A few days earlier, February 20, another Daily Express headline addressed the panic the U.K. is facing: Cheaper energy is more important than going green."" The ""cheaper energy"" article cites ""rising energy prices"" that have ""gone up 159 per cent since 2004"" and quotes Energy Secretary Ed Davey as saying: ""energy prices are now out of control.""",,0_0
"Back in the 1970s, when the elites were convinced that overpopulation would destroy the Earth, the Chinese acted as only a one-party autocracy or totalitarian state could: It limited women to one child. The result was that millions of female fetuses were aborted so that China now has about 120 males to every 100 femalesa potentially destabilizing imbalanceand a slow-growing population that means China will get old before most of its people grow rich.",,0_0
"This is a stunning finding in and of itself, to be sure, but heres the Drinking the Kool-Aid part: These findings may provide further support for recent guideline revisions with even lower LDL goals and for developing effective treatments to raise HDL.",,0_0
"More likely, the day after enactment of a carbon tax, various groups will put out studies with ever higher social costs of carbon, and environmentalists will immediately wave them around, calling for raising the carbon tax, and decoupling it from revenue neutrality to finance more wind and solar boondoggles. And theyll still want additional regulations to drive emissions down faster. If conservatives resist this, theyll get the same denier routine they get now.",,0_0
"It was inevitable that sooner or later a court would be persuaded to declare that the threat of climate change requires judicial intervention. But whatever one thinks about climate change science and the severity of the threat to human populations, the Dutch court decision is a clear usurpation of the policymaking role of the legislature.",,0_0
"It began, The Heartland Institute, a conservative group funded by Exxon Mobil and Charles Koch Whoa! Mr. Chairman, we rise to question why the Center for American Progress would engage in an outright lie? Answer: Thats what progressives do because they are immune to the truth.",,5_2
"If this is stock prices (or anything), before I gamble, Im going to want an idea of risk. So, even though Roger asked for a naive, I added uncertainty intervals. Of course, Im also going to give naive uncertainty intervals; Ill compute them using the same assumptions I applied to the least squares fit.",,0_0
"John, With regard to the matter of species migration you raised, I believe that this topic is entirely too speculative to discuss here. There are too many variables, too many special circumstances, too many uncertainties. Likewise, ocean heat content data is very poor, requiring numerous adjustments."" Vertical temperature profiles are most surely controlled by currents that vary with depth. They are not one-dimensional, as implied by the data.""",,5_1
"Eastern Russia is so freezing minus 50 degrees Fahrenheit, and counting that the traffic lights recently stopped working in the city of Yakutsk. But if it was CO2-caused global warming, Eastern Russia ought to be warmer.",,1_3
"In fact, if the chart went further back, you??d see that temperatures have been warmer than today for most of geologic history.",,2_1
"all present reconstructions, yet sounding like a pro greenhouse zealot here!",,0_0
"Yet Hansen's not even close to being an objective scientist. He is openly ideological and rabidly partisan. His political pals and financial patrons are liberal Democrats -- Gore, John Kerry and left-wing groups funded by George Soros and Teresa Heinz.",,5_2
Another contrary view is provided by Media Matters WSJ Contradicts Experts on Social Cost of Carbon. Punchline:,,0_0
"Power grids require that demand for electricity exactly match supply in order to function. This is an enormous problem for wind and solar power since their output cannot be accurately predicted in advance or easily adjusted. Wind and solar can burn out the grid if they produce too much, or not enough, electricity, leading to brownouts or blackouts. Such damage has already occurred in Germany and in other grids that rely too much on solar and wind power like in California.",,4_4
"In its 2013 report, How to Make Nuclear Cheap,"" the Breakthrough Institute offers a plan that would seem to sync with what Thiel recommends. It includes both expanded support for public research as well as regulatory reform ""so developers can demonstrate and license reactor components; and lower the costs, regulatory barriers, and time to market for new designs."" And certainly there are examples of government and private sector working together successfully on energy advances, most notably the shale energy revolution.""",,0_0
"Meet David Crane , president and CEO of NRG Energy , the nations biggest independent power producer (IPP). This companysdiversified generation interests are fueled by every energy source from coal to wind.",,0_0
"The most interesting thing that has been recently vl Heartland Conference in Las Vegas, but the only thing I want uppmrksamma Dr. was the sterrikiske rapper Kilez More, which made a prominent dr. He has a you-tube elements in German as lr have FTT 120,000 impressions, and that made him impopulr.",,0_0
scale. But the ?big climate picture? includes ocean feedbacks on all time,,0_0
"Lets carry that discussion farther. In the 2008 paper Seasonal CycleEl Nio Relationship: Validation of Hypotheses , Xiao and Mechoso presented three hypotheses, two of which they confirmed with climate models. Lets discuss those two. The first hypothesis they confirmed was:",,0_0
"Republicans, who have the better arguments on the merits of the pipeline, have unfortunately exaggerated the likely number of jobs it would create and even portrayed it as essential to economic recovery.",,0_0
"A Czech tractor driver died under eight tons of manure in a bizarre accident that has baffled his employers, local media reported. The 34-year old man, identified only as Martin T, suffocated after the load fell on him while he was dumping it in a field near the western Czech city of Karlovy Vary, news Web Site www.novinky.cz reported Sunday. It absolutely beats me how this could happen,"" said Vladimir Erps, chief of the company employing the victim. ""The truck is operated from the tractor cabin, using hydraulics. There was nothing for him to do under the truck, but it's tough to blame him now that he is dead,"" the news site quoted him as saying.""",,0_0
"No wonder it is consistently a high temperature record breaker! On that day August 10 2003, it was warmer than Heathrow Airport where the temperature earlier registered 37.9C (100.2F).",,0_0
"Tony Blair is resisting demands from the environmental pressure groups and, err, the Conservative Party to impose annual targets on greenhouse gas emissions for the quite sensible reasons that this will be disastrous for British industry. The other party speaking sense on the issue is the UK Independence Party, which is now the closest thing the land of Margaret Thatcher has to a libertarian party.",,0_0
We show that there is a very modest degree of negative water-vapor feedback of 0.1 to 0.2 o C. With this occurring we should expect that the real amount of global warming that will occur from a doubling of CO 2 would be only about 0.2-0.3 o C or about 5-10 percent the amount projected by the many global models of 2-4 o C. The AGW threat and especially the catastrophic AGW (or CAGW) threat cannot be a realistic assertion of how the planets climate system functions.,,3_1
"Analyses by Professor William Nordhaus, a long-time advocate of carbon pricing and a world authority on estimating the costs and benefits of climate change, greenhouse gas mitigation policies and carbon prices, shows why carbon pricing must be global or the cost would be prohibitively for participants. Nordhaus (2008), p. 198 , says:",,0_0
In Roman times and in the Medieval Warming (900 1300 A.D.) temperatures were higher than today by five and six degrees Celsius. No industries then!,,2_1
China is particularly unamused. As an article in the Financial Times points out:,,0_0
"Obamacare Not Only Raising My Rates, But Making The Process Much Harder",,0_0
Chief scientist Michail Fragkias involved with ?Planet under Pressure? told MSNBC that ?the answer (to population growth) is denser cities.?,,0_0
"For the largest group of balls (seven), I guessed that the deflation would be 0.38 psi. When the implied temperatures were re-calculated using this guess, they fit nicely within the corridor (red + signs). However, if this deflation were applied to the three balls in the two upper ellipses,they end up well above the corridor and this estimate is insufficient for one ball.",,0_0
"The observed response equates to an approximate 480% increase in calcification rate in response to a 9C increase in water temperature or to a 160% increase in calcification rate in response to a 3C increase in temperature, the latter of which temperature increases is somewhere in the low to midrange of global warming that climate alarmists claim will result from a 300 ppm increase in the air's CO 2 concentration.?? As noted in our Editorial of 26 Jan 2005 , this positive effect of rising temperature far outweighs the negative effect of rising CO 2 concentrations on calcification in corals. Reviewed 9 February 2005",,3_2
"Bear in mind, if the models correctly simulate the trend in the earth??s GMST, we??d expect to find 5% of the simulated trends inconsistent at p=5%. In contrast, using the test applied in section 5.1.1 of Santer17 we find roughly 1/3rd of all 38 model runs result in trends that are inconsistent with the observed trend to p=5%. If we screen out the runs that use unrealistic volcanic forcings, the inconsistency between models and observations worsens. In contrast, results improve if we include the cases that fail to include the forcings due to volcanic activity. However, even for the cases that with physically unrealistic forcings, 18% of the individual cases fail at p=5%.",,5_1
"(A) Documents 1-7 in the list you provided appear to be copies of confidential documents produced by The Heartland Institute and stolen by the Pacific Institutes Peter Gleick. The eighth document in your list, titled 2012 Heartland Climate Strategy, is not an authentic Heartland document or draft document. Peter Gleick claimed to have received this memo from an anonymous source, then falsely represented it as having come from The Heartland Institute.",,0_0
6. When over-complex math is used to distort temperature trends resulting in exaggerated warming. Advocate.,,5_1
The Consensus on the Consensus: An Opinion Survey of Earth Scientists on Global Climate Change,,0_0
"Americans have reason to be optimistic about the nation's environmental progress and its future health, according to the Index of Leading Environmental Indicators, released by the Pacific Research Institute (PRI) and the American Enterprise Institute (AEI). This tenth anniversary edition of the Index reveals that environmental quality continues to improve in many key areas, including air pollution, mercury emissions, wetlands, and forestlands.",,0_0
Changes in Diurnal Temperature Range and Human Mortality (10 Jul 2013),,0_0
"Tide gauges are set up at stations to measure sea level at regular intervals. Technology has improved over time. While it is commonly assumed adjacent land is stable, it is known that some land is moving either up or down relative to the sea. The longer and more complete the record the better. The Fremantle record starts in 1897. Another station was set up at Hillarys in 1992. The records are shown in Figs. 1 and 2 (bottom of article).",,0_0
"But rather than consider gas tax relief, Reps. Don Young, Alaska Republican, and James Oberstar, Minnesota Democrat, just announced a proposal to increase the federal tax by a nickel a gallon.",,0_0
"The failed hypothesis of dangerous man-made global warming is already discredited not only by the so-called pause"" in the rise of global temperatures. But it is also untenable because the very concept of a global climate is bogus to begin with, according to respected analyst Dr Vincent Gray.""",,1_4
"The United Nations Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) stated very clearly, Milder winter temperatures will decrease heavy snowstorms. Well, winters are clearly not becoming milder or bereft of heavy snowstorms.",,0_0
"Labels Like Alternative Medicine' Don't Matter. The Science Does. NY Times""",,0_0
We are told to fear global warming even if temperatures increase only tenths of a degree over a decade. So what are we supposed to think when the globe cools 0.56C in just four days ?,,0_0
"First, Icelands eye-catching volcanism, which captured the curiosity of the world, erupted and its associated heat flow rapidly melted huge continental glaciers. It is important to understand that while pictures of Icelandic eruptions make good press, there is another very significant component to the Icelandic heat-flow story: convective systems.",,0_0
"In contrast, there is the paper of Abatzoglou, Rupp, and Mote (2014) that suggests greenhouse gases are the dominant source of warming. Specifically, they stated that anthropogenic forcing was the leading contributor to long term warming."" In their paper, they used a technique called multiple linear regression to determine the forcing of temperature by several forcing mechanism (natural variability, volcanoes, solar variability, and human greenhouse gas forcing). Their results suggested that anthropogenic contributions (greenhouse gases) were dominant. But unfortunately, their approach has some critical problems that make their conclusions insupportable. Problems so severe I am surprised they got through the review process.""",,5_1
"And that makes this all the more interesting: I present four reasons below that document why this temperature fails to accurately diagnose global warming.""",,0_0
I saw the Nick Ross TV programme about weather disasters earlier in the week,,0_0
"The new EPA rule will impose large new costs for little benefit. In 2013 methane emissions counted for about 9% of U.S. greenhouse gas emissions. Of that 9% about 3% are subject to the new rule, which would cut them in half. A Cato Institute study notes that even if the U.S. ceased all carbon emissions now and forever, the effect would be to reduce the rise in temperatures by the end of the century by 0.10 degrees Celcius. The methane rules contribution would be a mere 0.002 degrees Celsius.",,0_0
"But as they say on TV, wait, theres more. The problem is, the surface loses energy in three waysas radiation, as sensible heat, and as the latent heat of evapotranspiration. The energy loss from the surface by radiation (per CERES) is ~ 400 watts per square metre (W/m2), and the loss by sensible and latent heat is ~ 100 W/m2, or a quarter of the radiation loss.",,0_0
when a contentious issue comes up and takes the lead on walking out,,0_0
"No wonder LOST supporters discourage full disclosure. Bernard Oxman of the University of Miami acknowledged that the text ``is amply endowed with indeterminate principles, mind-numbing cross-references, institutional redundancies, exasperating opacity and inelegant drafting.''",,0_0
"Guardian: Science: Antarctica live (MASSIVE COVERAGE, NO HINT ABOUT THE SHIPS CURRENT PREDICAMENT!)",,0_0
"In contrast to the satellite data, which exhibit a slight increase in SIE , the mean SIE of the models over 19792005 shows a decrease in each month, the report explained.",,5_1
Look at Washington State. The Nisqually Glacier on Mt. Rainier is growing. Glaciers on Glacier Peak in northern Washington are growing. And Crater Glacier on Mt. Saint Helens is now larger than it was before the 1980 eruption.,,1_1
"Thats typical of a La Nina, but (blasts) dont last very long; they come and they go,",,0_0
"But the real worry with climate research is that it is on the very edge of what is called postmodern science. This is a counterpart of the relativist world of postmodern art and design. It is a much more dangerous beast, whose results are valid only in the context of societys beliefs and where the very existence of scientific truth can be denied. Postmodern science envisages a sort of political nirvana in which scientific theory and results can be consciously and legitimately manipulated to suit either the dictates of political correctness or the policies of the government of theday.",,5_2
"Who Turned on the Heat? The Unsuspected Global Warming Culprit, El Nio-Southern Oscillation is intended for color versions of Kindle. It is a data-supported, not a computer model-dependent, presentation of how the Earth warmed naturally over the past 30 years. This is not some theory. This is how the satellite-based sea surface temperature and ocean heat content data accounts for the recent warming of the global oceans. Keep in mind, the oceans cover 70% of this planet. The publicly available sea surface temperature records for the global oceans contradict the assumption that manmade greenhouse gases are responsible for most of the warming over the past 30 years. Thats the time period the computer models employed as marketing tools by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) say only anthropogenic greenhouse gases could have caused the warming.",,2_1
"There is no historical trend in either the frequency or intensity of hurricanes, as Roger Pielke Jr. has pointed out in academic publications. And yet global warming has been blamed for specific storms, such as Hurricane Katrina, in a manner that is frankly antithetical to the principles of science.",,1_7
An analysis of geological records that preserve details of the last known period of global warming has revealed startling results which suggest current targets for limiting climate change are unsafe.,,0_0
Rick Piltz at Climate Science Watch reports that the U.S. House of Representatives votes 244-179 to kill funding for the UN IPCC.,,0_0
"Note the precision in the probabilities. Very impressive. However, Dr Jones unfortunately appears to suffer from xenophobia. Heres a communication from Prof Phil Jones (for it is he) gleefully relating in a Climategate email about our Dr David Jones",,5_2
"That's certainly interesting, but hardly earth-shaking. Ice cores and fossil pollen show the earth has had six major global warmings since the last Ice Age, interspersed with centuries-long cold periods. The earth's temperatures are always cycling up and down.",,2_1
"Should you spot a Tesla electric car on the road, see if the driver is smiling. He should be smiling at you for contributing $7,500 to the purchase price of his luxury automobile.",,0_0
"In principle, collective action could solve the problem by changing property rights to limit access. In practice, such collective action has often not materialized, or it has done so only after much harm has taken place.",,0_0
"The aerosol cooling that appears in the Met Office model when climate sensitivity is low is very strong, completely inconsistent with recent observationally-based estimates of aerosol forcing. In fact it is so strong that it would also have prevented most of the temperature rise seen since industrialisation. In other words, the virtual climate produced with these settings of the model doesnt match the real one. This means any scenario in which climate sensitivity is low as indeed the observational studies suggest it is gets downweighted in the final analysis to the extent that it doesnt really show up in the final results. The effect is essentially to rule out low climate sensitivity as a possibility.",,5_1
"Nuccitelli ends by saying, Overall, Spencer made very few factually correct statements in this interview. On any other subject but this, where true-believers such as Nuccitelli now routinely get away with outrageous falsehoods that smear the reputations of any scientists bold enough to raise even the mildest questions about the New Religion, that remark would have led to a libel suit.",,5_2
"Still, there's no denying that your typical star or starlet slants left. Why that is true is a tougher question. Some say it's an occupational hazardworking at a Hollywood studio affects your mind the way that working in a West Virginia coal mine affects your lungs.",,0_0
"Reality: There are three things wrong with this statement. First, the stable period referred to is called the Holocene. The Holocene has already lasted 10,000 years, during which time (i) a long term cooling of 1-2 deg. C has occurred; and (ii) regular temperature oscillations of about 1 deg. C have occurred on multidecadal and centennial time scales, the last of which occurred during the 20th century.",,2_1
"on Friday, October 1st, 2010 at 12:00 am and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"The purpose of the ?social cost of carbon? (SCC) estimates presented here is to allow agencies to incorporate the social benefits of reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions into cost-benefit analyses of regulatory actions that impact cumulative global emissions. The SCC is an estimate of the monetized damages associated with an incremental increase in carbon emissions in a given year. It is intended to include (but is not limited to) changes in net agricultural productivity, human health, property damages from increased flood risk, and the value of ecosystem services due to climate change.",,0_0
"To be sure, the basic concept is not new. In 2006, a doctor named Mark Osterloh managed to get a proposition on the Arizona ballot to offer a $1 million prize for a voter in the state's upcoming primary or general election (those who voted in both would have two tickets, or chances at the prize) with the lottery winnings coming from unclaimed rewards left in the state's own lottery pool. The initiative was widely panned as tawdry, or as dangerous for encouraging uninformed citizens to cast uninformed votes, or as aiming at increasing turnout for no good reason beyond having a higher turnout. It failed.",,0_0
"SM: Well, what can you say about Ralph Nader? Thank God for Ralph Nader or else Al Gore would be president today.",,0_0
"Dutch engineer develops autonomous quadcopter vehicle Reuters Online retail giant Amazon hopes to offer delivery by drone in the United States by the end of 2016. Now a Dutch software engineer is working on a quadcopter that he says will be able to deliver much more. Thorstin Crijns envisions a quadcopter that can transport passengers autonomously, without manual control.""",,0_0
"After the fourth year of atmospheric CO 2 enrichment, a detailed analysis indicated that elevated CO 2 reduced needle stomatal density by an average of 7.4%. In contrast, elevated CO 2 increased needle thickness, mesophyll tissue area, and total cross-sectional area by averages by 6.4, 5.7, and 10.4%, respectively. In addition, atmospheric CO 2 enrichment increased the average relative area occupied by phloem cells by 4.4%.",,3_3
"Within the Americas, tropical rainforests are located in five main regions: Mexico and Central America (known as Mesoamerica), Pacific Coastal Columbia and Ecuador (known as the Choco which extends from the Panama border south to northern Ecuador, is the wettest region in the world, and in terms of biological diversity is thought to be one of the most important in the world), the Caribbean Islands, the Guianas and Amazonia (which contain the largest contiguous rainforest in the world including part of eight countries Bolivia, Brazil, Columbia, French Guiana, Guyana, Peru, Suriname and Venezuela app. 7 million square kilometers), and finally, Atlantic Coastal Brazil. (Lessons from the Rainforest, Ghillean Prance, pp. 53-54).",,0_0
Related: Fed Custody Holdings Record Decline Fuels Russia Speculation (It's probably nothing).,,0_0
"Now that sound will only be a folk memory. As space shuttle Atlantis touches down for the last time, it closes out an era that began with John Kennedy's dedicating America to going to the moon and stretched through Alan Shepherd, John Glenn and Neil Armstrong to Christa McAuliffe and Mark Kelly.",,0_0
The researchers estimate that increasing exports could eventually generate more than $125 billion and as many as 5 million jobsa jolt for the US economy still trying to shake off worldwide financial doldrums.,,0_0
"Director emeritus Sierra Nevada Field Campus, San Francisco State University and author of Landscapes & Cycles: An Environmentalists Journey to Climate Skepticism",,0_0
"Given that the President last night announced that legislation for a market-based cap"" on greenhouse gas emissions is a priority for his administration, it should come as no surprise that there has been an explosion in climate lobbying on Capitol Hill. According to an article in today's Politico,""",,0_0
"> >> >Sorry for the delayed reply, but things have been very",,0_0
"That does not mean going back to an Eisenhower-era or even Nixon-era GOP, when centrists were key forces; it means a very conservative party by any reasonable measure. As such, we sympathize with Republicans like David Frum who have been harshly critical of the party's course but refuse to leave it, believing their presence is necessary to fight to yank the party back to a problem-solving state.",,0_0
"ICSC chief science advisor, Professor Bob Carter of James Cook University in Queensland, Australia and author of the best selling book, Climate: the Counter Consensus explained, Science has yet to provide unambiguous evidence that problematic, or even measurable, human-caused global warming is occurring. The hypothesis of dangerous man-made climate change is based solely on computerized models that have repeatedly failed in practice in the real world.",,5_1
she persisted in spinning a fairy tale that Michigan is perfectly,,0_0
"Guest essay by Clyde Spencer, WUWT, Aug 11, 2015",,0_0
"I am not absolutely convinced, however, that carbon dioxide is the culprit. I think that remains to be proved. Carbon dioxide is complicated, and I believe that there could be other both human induced and natural causes for global warming.",,2_3
"Further, if India and China don't also sign up to cut their carbon emissions-and they did not embrace Kyoto-these proposed dramatic cuts in American carbon emissions alone would not solve the problems of climate change.",,4_2
stuff going on is natural variability. In addition to the 4 hurricanes hitting,,0_0
"The simple fact is that heat waves are nothing new. In 1936 a North American heat wave was the most severe in the modern history of the continent. It occurred in the middle of the Great Depression, killing more than 5,000 Americans and desiccating vast amounts of crops. To put it in perspective, there were no home air conditioning appliances at the time. People depended on fans to circulate the air.",,1_7
"Read More: The climate drown in climate policy, Susanna Birgersson, DN 2014-03-06.",,0_0
Scientists On Trial? Retired Lawyer?s Blogsite To Examine Earlier ?Predictions? Made By Climate ?Experts?,,5_2
"Overarching the 12 modules is the Integrating Module, which consistently cycles, iteratively executing and allowing these various modules to interact with each other. Unknown variables that are related, such as a component of a particular module, are grouped together, and a pertinent subsystem of equations and inequalities corresponding to each group is solved via a variety of commonly used numerical analytic techniques, using approximate values for the other unknowns. Once a group's values are computed, the next group is solved similarly, and the process iterates. Convergence checks are performed for each price and quantity statistic to determine whether subsequent changes in that particular statistic fall within a given tolerance. After all group values for the current cycle are determined, the next cycle begins. HEM provides a number of diagnostic measures, based on differences between cycles, to indicate whether a stable solution has been achieved.",,0_0
"But that is not to say we will move to full, unadulterated gridlock. We can forget about big-time action on the long-term debt problem, immigration, climate change, education reform. But there are other issues, both on a smaller scale and a bit below the radar of Tea Party activists, where we might well see legislation. It starts with trade, where the combination of broad Republican support, business backing, indifference from the Tea Party right and divisions among Democrats, make it a winning issue for the new G.O.P. majority. It may or may not include tax reform, some ideas to tackle long-term unemployment, even infrastructure.",,0_0
"Establishing what caused Earths largest climatic changes in the past requires a precise knowledge of both the forcing and the regional responses. Here we establish the chronology of high and low latitude climate change at the last glacial termination by 14C dating benthic and planktonic foraminiferal stable isotope and Mg/Ca records from a marine core collected in the western tropical Pacific. Deep sea temperatures warmed by ~2C between 19 and 17 ka B.P. (thousand years before present), leading the rise in atmospheric CO2 and tropical surface ocean warming by ~1000 years. The cause of this deglacial deep water warming does not lie within the tropics, nor can its early onset between 19-17 ka B.P. be attributed to CO2 forcing. Increasing austral spring insolation combined with sea-ice albedo feedbacks appear to be key factors responsible for this warming.",,2_3
"There is only one true measure of a models value: whether or not it works. That it is theoretically sound, or that it uses pleasantly arcane and inaccessible mathematics, or that it matches our desires, or that only PhDs can understand it are all very nice things, but they are none of them necessary. Many complex models which are in use are loved and trusted because of these things, but they should not be. They should only be valued to the extent that they accurately quantify the uncertainty of the real-life stuff that happens (climate models anyone?).",,5_1
"So how would a proxy for cold water become one of the most important contributors to the Moberg (And Juckes) reconstructions of NH temperature? The shortest answer is that it has a hockey stick shape ??? indeed, the HS-ness of the proxy was observed in an early publication of this data in which it was actually overlaid against the MBH hockey stick as shown below. (Overpeck, the second author of this article, has been rumored to be the person who told David Deming about ???getting rid of the MWP??.)",,5_1
"* Renewable fuels will prevent oil depletion and reduce imports. Baloney. U.S. oil and natural gas were declining and imports rising for decades, because environmentalists and politicians blocked leasing and drilling. The very people decrying the situation were causing it. They wanted to justify a non-hydrocarbon future that would give them greater control over our economy and living standards and build a power base that tied them and votes to farmers and companies that benefitted from this Washington-mandated industry and wealth transfers from taxpayers and consumers to the new political power brokers.",,0_0
Obviously some scientists just arent clever enough to snap out of it.,,0_0
Poll: German Concern about Global Warming Plummets,,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | The Grenfell Record,,0_0
The South Asian Monsoon: How Difficult It Has Been to Model (10 Jul 2013),,0_0
job which requires me to translate my Christian belief about stewardship of,,0_0
"Next, those of us old enough to remember driving through Gary, Indiana in the 1960s and early 70s know how much cleaner our air and water are today. Smaller gains in cleanliness"" come at greater and greater cost now (although the EPA, which wants everything to be infinitely clean, does not seem to care about that). Unlike government bureaucrats, who get routine pay raises and job security no matter how much they hurt the business (our country), the people who actually pay the bills (taxpayers) still live in a cost-vs-benefits world.""",,0_0
"Fortunately, while globalista academics, their handmaidens in the political commentariat, leftist think tanks, and non-governmental organizations were hard at work, others, in the late '90s, were awakening to the consequences of all that buzz. Sometimes derided as new sovereigntists"" by the multilateralist chorus, these analysts and practitioners began examining both the precepts and the implications of the global-governance agenda.""",,0_0
"The correct approach to this debate should not dwell on the conflict between financial diversification and global warming. Instead, it should rethink the way to regulate and tax fossil fuel emissions. Currently, the amount of energy generated per unit of pollution could be rapidly increased by undoing deeply entrenched, but perverse, energy policies.",,0_0
"Why is it that the Earth Guardians, Sierra Club and similar groups detest fracking? Maybe because this technology demolishes their Club of Rome claims that mankind is about to run out of petroleum or because it means fossil fuels are again on the ascendency, making wind and solar even less viable and further demonstrating that wind energy is a far less sustainable energy resource than petroleum.",,4_5
"One of our early issues was a critique of the International Monetary Fund. At a Cato Institute conference, one critic of my talk claimed that abolishing the IMF would bring about financial Gotterdammerung. I responded that I doubted it, but that anyone who's visited the IMF's headquarters could easily envision Valhalla!",,0_0
But that funding is only available to those who toe the consensus line that human activity is causing dangerous amounts of global warming. Telling the world that mankinds big climate break came when global temperatures were several degrees higher than today would needlessly put a paleoanthropologists academic and television career at risk.,,5_2
"August ACE for the Northern Hemisphere was 63 which is much less than the climatological average of 115. The Western Pacific again was much below average. It was indeed the Atlantic that produced two long-lived storms, Danielle and Earl that picked up some of the slack. The global and NH ACE remains at/near 30-year lows.",,1_7
Federal Communications Commissioner Michael Copps calls for an investigation into the National Security Agency's database of telephone records.,,0_0
"In the letter to parents, Feldhausen said the committee recognized there are multiple viewpoints"" on global warming. The committee recommended that all teachers using the book ""make students aware of both sides of the global warming theory,"" he said.""",,0_0
blogs.crikey.com .au/.../the-heat-is-on-australias-antarctic-ice-runway/,,0_0
"So EPA has tried to justify its job and economy-killing climate change and coal eradication rules by claiming they will bring huge ancillary"" health benefits. Those claims too are pure hogwash.""",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Economic Policy Fellow John Berlau on why the court's verdict is a victory for investors:,,0_0
"The Island of the Famous, infamous program Rai where some guys of varying fame 'are abandoned (alas, only for pretend) on a tropical island, manages to talk about' with the gossip about who fights with whom, on who It has trouble adapting to life outside the city ', and even of those who divorced' who live on television. It is a fun"" even more 'light whereas in the corresponding English ""I am a Celebrity Get Me Out of Here"" (I'm Famous Take me Away From Here) competitors should instead eat cooked and raw insects and arthropods of various species, then roll in the mud and worse, and generally competing to be taken in various poses nothing short of humiliating in front of the camera. The report of the day after the papers are clear, another race to describe the most shameful situations in a more detailed (and pleased).""",,0_0
"Spending billions of dollars on a penal carbon dioxide tax fails the cost:benefit test. Such a measure acts only to reduce Australias wealth, and therefore our capacity to address the real-world problems of natural climate change and hazard.",,4_1
"Just as some clever birds may have figured out that flying higher means not getting shredded by hippie-power, dastardly greens invent flying wind turbines . Curses!",,0_0
"3. Critics of the bloody crossroads of science and politics are fond of recurring to Stephen Schneider's incautious statement: On the one hand, as scientists we are ethically bound to the scientific method. . . . On the other hand, we are not just scientists but human beings as well. . . . To avert the risk we need to get some broad based support, to capture the public imagination. That of course means getting loads of media coverage. So we have to offer up some scary scenarios, make simplified dramatic statements and little mention of any doubts one might have. . . . Each of us has to decide what the right balance is between being effective, and being honest. I hope that means being both."" From Jonathan Schell, ""Our Fragile Earth,"" Discover (October 1989): 47.""",,0_0
"Connie Hedegaard, the EU Commissioner for Climate Action Photo: AP",,0_0
"This means that if this trend continues, these two datasets will in the future report monthly GSTA that are increasingly higher than UAHs. RSS on the other hand will in the future report monthly GSTA that are increasingly lower than UAHs and that of the three land-based data sets. Albeit the fact that RSS and UAH use data retrieved from the same systems; the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration satellites microwave (and Advanced) sounding unit (MSU, and AMSU), the trend observed here suggests that computational and/or other data-treatment differences may play a role. In addition, this disagreement is likely a problem related to under-constraining such that one or both of the measurements is (are) biased relative to the true state of the measurand (2).",,0_0
Exit of Canadas expert a sure sign IPCC in trouble,,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Special Projects Counsel Hans Bader on attorneys general who think of themselves as above the law.,,0_0
"Replication is more difficult than the follow the money"" narrative behind the attacks on the integrity of Mr. Soon and other skeptical scientists. But for those seeking truth, it is the only analysis worth conducting.""",,0_0
"Obama: And over the last four years, our emissions of the dangerous carbon pollution that threatens our planet have actually fallen. But for the sake of our children and our future, we must do more to combat climate change.""",,0_0
"Exhibit A: the Administration's ongoing push to create Green Jobs."" The Administration touts environmental initiatives not only as a way to improve quality of life and discourage climate change, but also as a way to employ more Americans. Accordingly, last week's summit included a breakout session called ""The Innovation Agenda and Green Jobs of the Future.""",,0_0
"What this means is, if only 50% of GHG emissions are included in the global carbon pricing scheme, the cost penalty for the participants would be 250%. The 50% participation could be achieved by, for example, 100% of countries participating in the scheme but only 50% of the emissions in total from within the countries are included, or 50% of countries participate and 100% of the emissions within those countries are included in the scheme (i.e. taxed or traded).",,0_0
"Do we really want to repeat that experience on a global scale? Kyoto and its progeny threaten a vast array of international (and domestic) bureaucrats allocating economic rights and privileges based on vague standards, arbitrary conditions and bad science.",,0_0
"Congress and states must reassert their legislative roles, restore federalism and separation of powers as the foundation of our American system, and address the extreme deference that courts too often give agency discretion.""",,0_0
"Polar bears ( Ursus maritimus ) have become a symbol of global warming, and their predicted decline a sign of worst to come, but until very recently population estimates were really just educated guesses. Current polar bear numbers are estimated to total between 20,000 and 25,000.",,3_2
Appendix:Letter to Houston Chronicle ( December 11 ) in Response to Climategate Op-Ed,,0_0
"This is a defense commonly employed against FOIA requests when seeking to withhold certain communications with, for example, paid consultants.",,0_0
"As our ice cover has thinned, some of our old rules are changing , said Stroeve.",,0_0
The alternative option is for the Commission to continue on its present policy of suppressing contrarian research on the climate change issue. The Commission should be prepared for the inevitable criticism when the predicted severe droughts occur and the public start asking awkward questions. The disintegration of its policy could commence within months.,,5_2
Click for Tim Balls legal defense fund.,,0_0
"The importance of refineries can hardly be overstated. Not only do they supply petrochemical feedstocks for plastics, pharmaceuticals and cosmetics, and fuel for cars, trucks, ships and airplanes to transport people, food and products. They also create thousands of jobs and generate billions of dollars in payrolls and taxes. In Texas alone, the refinery and chemicals industry adds 73,000 employees, $6 billion in salaries and $105 billion annually to the economy.",,4_5
"Behavior Of The US Government Is Fully Consistent"" With That Of The Soviet Union""",,0_0
Rising CO2 will increase plant growth leading in turn to increased water vapour. This appears to be one of the best candidates for substantial positive feedback.,,3_3
"What about the four models that show a negative imbalance during our base period of 1996-2015? If those models are correct, then the hypothesis of human-induced global warming has a very big problem. A negative imbalance indicates that presently more energy is being reflected and emitted by the planet than is being received from the sunand that our emissions of greenhouse gases are returning the Earth to a balanced energy budget.",,0_0
"The draft bill would force tough emission cuts on a fast schedule. This haste flies in the face of a great deal of economic analysis of how GHG reductions should be timed in order to get the most benefit from a given expenditure of resources. That analysis teaches that, for carbon dioxide (CO2) controls, a more gradual departure from the baseline is preferable to a more rapid departure."" Yet, in this respect, ACESA's controls are more abrupt than those of even President Obama's cap-and-trade plan.""",,0_0
"In 2015, we're fortunate that we will escape a carbon tax and a minimum-wage hike. But we'd be better off if construction would start on Keystone XL. And some of us will sorely miss the World Cup.",,0_0
"A cold winter will bring widespread black outs in the UK and with it the long overdue realisation by the lumpen proletariat that an energy policy reliant on intermittent, unreliable, expensive wind power is totally insane.",,4_4
"How could that be? Cherry says theres been an implicit assumption that because electric cars dont burn fossil fuels, theyre cleaner for the environment and safer for people, but that doesnt take into account how the electricity they use is generated. In China, that would be from you guessed it fossil fuels. About 85% of the countrys electricity is powered by fossil fuels, of which 95% is coal.",,4_2
"It is not just the winter, either. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration data show the United States has been cooling for the past decade . Nor is it just the United States defying alarmist predictions. Global temperature data show no global warming since the late 1990s and very little global warming for the past 45 years.",,1_4
"He will learn that the temperature increase in these three decades - when the economy was kind of flourishing - is about 0 C or 0.05 C. It is completely indistinguishable from the (much higher) annual variations. Steven Chu talks about 5 C in a few (three) decades which is an estimate that exceeds the reality by two orders of magnitude. That's just like if he is scared to death - and ready to pay $20,000 (or trillions of dollars, in this case) because he has confused a mouse on his garden with a tiger.",,0_0
"What is most interesting about the Conference is the battle part of all this, which Heartland seems to be losing. Joe Bast describes the battle in this recent blog post :",,0_0
"Remember the next time team warming tries to hype a hot summer's day, drought or flood as climate, rather than weather.",,0_0
"A year into Kyoto, global warmers seem to be focusing more on melodrama than science.",,0_0
"Many people erroneously think economic growth unavoidably leads to environmental degradation, but Moore and White show major improvements in air quality occurred as our use of fossil fuels doubled. New coal plants, for example, emit 90 percent less sulfur dioxide than plants built 50 years ago. Moore and White rightly point out most of the advances that have been made are the result of efforts undertaken by private businesses to improve efficiency, not laws imposed by the national government.",,4_5
"Those interested in the forecasting method can download the computer model of forest growth, JABOWA, from website www.naturestudy.org and play around with it. The software is pretty easy to use, and you can grow your own forest, log it, test it against various global warming climate regimes, etc. It isn?t as sophisticated a computer game as you can get today, but it is ecologically realistic and is used in research around the world.",,0_0
"Five years later we are up to almost 400 ppm, and Antarctic sea ice hassteadilyincreased to record levels.",,1_1
"Years from now, historians will look back on this period as extraordinary. The great social fervor was over something that only seems like science. It?s of science but lacks the heart of science. It will take generations to pick through the detritus, but this period will ultimately tell us far more about ourselves than Nature. Soon it will be over. If doom has not ensued, the climate science tourists will leave for other errands. People like Garth and myself will be left to pick up after them. Perhaps then I will have an occasion to congratulate him on his book?s concise and effective exposition of relevant physics for laymen.",,0_0
"Why now? New leadership enables a reboot of the Clean Energy Dialogue: Secretary of Energy Ernest Moniz and EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy have recently won U.S. Senate confirmation, and Canada's new Environment Minister Leona Aglukkaq joins Natural Resources Minister Joe Oliver, who has been in his position since 2011 and is the veteran in this foursome.",,0_0
"Graeme Pearman Claims Antarctica is Warming (Global Warming and The Cosmos, Part 1)",,0_0
Theres a media war going on here in Australia. At stake is free speech but the discussion about it is completely disguised and parades instead as a debate about balance in science reporting.,,0_0
"This is not a new problem. The unilateral redrafting of IPCC reports by lead authors"" after reviewers had agreed them, and the writing of a sexed-up ""summary for policy makers"" before the report was complete, have discomfited many scientists since the first report. It is no great surprise that the ""experts"" who compiled one part of the 2007 report included three from Greenpeace, two Friends of the Earth representatives, two Climate Action Network representatives, and a person each from the activist organisations WWF, Environmental Defense Fund, and the David Suzuki Foundation.""",,5_2
"Nine million containers enter U.S. ports each year, and 80 percent of U.S. port facilities these days are owned by foreign companies. It is estimated that the detonation of a 10-to-20 kiloton nuclear weapon in a container would cause a disruption of trade valued at $100 billion to $300 billion, property damage of $50 billion to $500 billion, and the loss of 50,000 to 1 million lives. A mere dirty bomb smuggled in a container would kill very few people, but the disruption would cost $58 billion and it would take 19 days for ports to resume normal operations and 92 days to stabilize the container backlog by which time the disruption could well spawn a recession.",,0_0
"The Kyoto advocates point to warmer ocean temperatures, but they ought to read their own favorite newspaper, the New York Times, which reported yesterday:",,0_0
"Golden eagles are the latest roadblock to establishing wind farms on federally owned land, already an expensive process plagued by years of bureaucratic delay. The projects also have been untracked by other wildlife issues, a sluggish economy and objections by defense and aviation authorities that wind turbines interfere with the country's aged radar system.",,0_0
"The ingredient plants need most is carbon from CO2. They typically exchange over 2,000 water molecules to grab one CO2 molecule. Plants are desperate for carbon from the air, just like we humans are desperate for oxygen from the air. No CO2"", implies no plant growth. One of the main roles of water in plant life is just so the plant can exchange it for carbon.""",,3_3
"In the past Russia needed liberty to live ; it must now have it in order to survive. The challenge of our times is an overhaul of the system of values, the forging of new consciousness. We cannot build a new country with the old thinking. The best investment is Liberty and the Rule of Law. And respect for man's Dignity.",,0_0
"Climate change policy is a major focus of the Competitive Enterprise Institute. Indeed, we have been active in the global warming debate ever since the issue first gained national prominence in the late 1980s. Former CEI environmental studies director Kent Jeffreys published a major monograph on the issue, titled Why Worry About Global Warming,"" in February 1991. In 1992, along with the late Dixie Lee Ray, CEI President Fred Smith attended the 1992 Rio Conference as an observer and commentator. Our aim was to give intellectual aid and comfort to greenhouse skeptics in the U.S. and other delegations. Needless to say, CEI s efforts to dissuade the Bush Administration from signing the Framework Convention on Climate Change were less than spectacularly successful. But we remain hopeful that cooler heads will yet prevail in this round.""",,0_0
"Since the algae and lichens that are major components of BSCs are typically stimulated and grow ever better as the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration is experimentally increased (see Deserts (Algae and Lichens) in our Subject Index), it logically follows that as the air's CO 2 content continues to rise, so too will the productivity of BSCs continue to rise, hastening the encroachment of vegetation onto the world's deserts, as the CO 2 -induced greening of the earth continues. Reviewed 5 March 2008",,3_3
> >> University of East Anglia web site:,,0_0
"EPA's Clean Power Plan"" is Costly, Illegitimate, and Unlawful, CEI Experts Argue in Public Comment""",,4_1
"Unfortunately, what will likely emerge a few months into the Clinton presidency is a deep desire by Republicans to recapture the party mojo by once again prevailing in the forthcoming 2018 midterm elections by using the old scorched-earth strategies.",,0_0
"on Friday, January 15th, 2010 at 9:27 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"McCarthy and the Post apparently neglected to notice that no UN category 3-5 hurricanes have struck the U.S. coast since October 2005, setting a more than century-long record lull since 1900. In fact, NOAA and even the UN's alarmist Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) reported that there have been no increases in the severity or frequency of droughts, floods, thunderstorms, or tornadoes in decades.",,1_7
"To develop a separate chronology for past fires, co-authors R. Scott Anderson and Douglas J. Hallett looked for charcoal in sediment cores taken from meadows within the sequoia groves.",,0_0
"From the Industrial Revolution to 1950, atmospheric carbon-dioxide concentrations rose by about 15 percent. Today, the increase is up to 41 percent, making long periods without warming either 1) increasingly unlikely, or 2) the natural result of simply overestimating how sensitive surface temperature is to carbon dioxide. My money is on the latter.",,3_1
"In conclusion, we stand by our request that corporations and other organizations that have knowingly deceived the American people about the risk of climate change be investigated to determine if they knowingly deceived the public about climate science. And we wish to be clear that we are not suggesting that scientists or bloggers should be investigated for expressing their beliefs.",,0_0
"This model from Kaufmann et al., 2011 simulated natural and anthropogenic (primarily CO2) forcing mechanisms from 1999-2008. Natural forcing won by a score of 3-1.",,2_1
"What does that mean? Well, they (Paltridge, Arking and Pook) pulled out old weather balloon observations and had another look at them. They discovered that over 35 years, instead of rising, the humidity in the high atmosphere has been falling. We should not underestimate the significance of this discovery because, if true, it destroys the possibility of catastrophic man-made global warming. Really, its that important!",,3_1
"One last recommendationread The Dirty Dozen , by Robert Levy (CATO) and William Mellor (Institute of Justice) on how the Supreme Court has eviscerated the constitution, justices violating their oath of office to uphold the defend the constitution. The Dirty Dozen are 12 of the most important examples of judicial activism and legislation from the bench.",,0_0
CEI Expert Available to Comment: Director of Global Warming and Energy Policy Myron Ebell on how Americans feel about the price of gas.,,0_0
I know what my environmentalist friends are saying: they're already accusing me of allowing mercury going into the air so today I would like to remind them that it was Republicans who first put forth a real plan to reduce mercury emissions from power plants.,,0_0
"Senior Fellow Marlo Lewis writes an open letter to Sen. Feinstein:Like the plaintiffs in the Supreme Court global warming case (Massachusetts v. EPA, April 2, 2007), you apparently want EPA to issue a finding, under Section 202 of the Clean Air Act (CAA), that carbon dioxide (CO 2) emissions endanger public health and welfarethe prerequisite for EPA to establish first-ever CO 2 emission standards for new cars and trucks. We believe an endangerment finding would have disastrous consequences for the economy, environmental protection, and the political process.""",,0_0
Peter Glasers full commentary on the D.C. Circuit Court decision follows.,,0_0
"2 There is obviously a lot more to say on this subject, but well leave it for another time.",,0_0
"But seriously, what about ocean acidification? Its worth noting that fears of ocean acidification are largely theoretical and calculated, rather than based on empirical evidence. Some corals grown in very high levels of CO 2 thrived. When one research team reconstructed ocean pH levels with boron isotopes in corals, they found no noteable trend over the last 300 years or the last 6000 years. Atmospheric CO 2 levels may have risen 30% recently, but at least in that marker, theres no clear relationship between ocean acidity and atmospheric CO2. Other researchers found warmer temperatures increased calcification along the full length of the Great Barrier Reef.",,3_2
"The president's speech seems to imply that energy efficiency"" is somehow free. That is, that it's easy to achieve reductions in energy use without causing a reduction in the benefits from energy use. Were that the case, one wonders why market forces do not lead to such outcomes themselves. In reality, energy efficiency requires the substitution of capital, or the acceptance of less safety and comfort, or other adjustments, the net virtues of which government officials and experts simply are not in the best positions to evaluate. There is also the ""rebound"" effect: if vehicles and appliances use less energy per unit of output, a natural market response is to use more of them and to use them more intensively. The net result: far less energy savings than usually are asserted, and thus a lower economic return to the investments made in efficiency.""",,0_0
"Instead, he explains that adjustments are used because they're good things when they are done right.",,0_0
"The prospect for increasing domestic fossil fuel production is much brighter for natural gas than conventional oil. Hydraulic fracturing, a new technique for extracting natural gas from shale rocks, led the Potential Gas Committee to increase their estimate of American natural gas reserves by 35% over the past couple of years. A more recent private sector report argues that shale gas more than doubles America's natural gas reserves.",,4_5
"David Bier: Based on the number of words, the president is twice as committed to gun control as immigration reform. Might be good prediction of his efforts for the next term.",,0_0
Mr. Metrosexual has been out-fashioned. His toppling begs a different question: is society frivolizing itself to death?,,0_0
FoodPolitik: Hypocrite Bloomberg behind latest salty Big Apple campaign:,,0_0
"As the CO 2 content of the air continues to increase, loblolly pine trees will likely display significant increases in their photosynthetic rates. Enhanced carbohydrate supplies, resulting from this phenomenon, will likely be used to increase seed weight and lipid content. Such seeds should consequently exhibit significant increases in germination success, and their enhanced lipid content will likely lead to greater root lengths and needle numbers in developing seedlings. Thus, when these seedlings become photosynthetically-active, they will likely photosynthesize and produce biomass at greater rates than those currently exhibited by seedlings growing under ambient CO 2 concentrations.",,3_3
"activity over the last century give a CO2 initiated warming of 0.2 C and a solar influence of 0.54 C over this period, corresponding to a CO2 climate sensitivity of 0.6 C (doubling of CO2) and a solar sensitivity of 0.5 C (0.1 % increase of the solar constant).",,2_1
"Really? Mr. Mann claims that temperatures roughly 800 years ago, in what has been referred to as the Medieval Warm Period, were not as warm as those measured recently. This is important because if modern temperatures are not unusual, it casts doubt on the fear that global warming is a serious threat. In 2003, Willie Soon of the Smithsonian Institution and Sallie Baliunas of Harvard published a paper in the journal Climate Research that took exception to Mr. Mann??s work, work which also was at variance with a large number of independent studies of paleoclimate. So it would seem the Soon-Baliunas paper was just part of the normal to-and-fro of science.",,2_1
Figure 21 is the model-data comparison of the sea surface temperatures of the Arctic Ocean. The models captured the warming rate of the Arctic Ocean sea surface temperatures reasonably well.,,0_0
"When starting with the problem of conserving energy input and output to the Earth, you can do it in terms of units of energy, in Joules, or you can try to do it in terms of energy flux density, in Joules per second per square meter. The problem is that averaging only works in terms of plain energy, in Joules, but not in energy flux density. If you say that, every second, 1.22 x 1017Joules enters and leaves the Earth, and you identify where it enters and leaves the Earth, then youre fine, youre acknowledging reality, and the flux densities explain the processes we see in reality, such as the water cycle.",,0_0
"Whats really going on? Our sun has gone quiet again, during what is likely to be the weakest sunspot cycle in more than a century, dating back to 1906, says Vencore weather analyst Paul Dorian .",,2_1
So does the observational evidence in AR5 support its/the CMIP5 models TCR ranges?,,0_0
"EPA's Tailoring Rule: A Temporary, Legally Dubious, and Incomplete Antidote to Massachusetts v. EPA's Legacy of Absurd Results",,0_0
ACHTUNG! Fingerpoken in der Klima-Maschine ist Katastrophisch!,,0_0
"Goulburn News, sport and weather | Goulburn Post",,0_0
"COP-18 is having a party in Qatar. Champaign and Caviar while preaching the end of the world and doom!!! As China is now clearly the problem with CO2, and China only does what benefits China, dont expect to see much agreement. Yet whatever is agreed, expect to see the Obama admin sign onto it. If not via a treaty signed by the Senate, then via EPA fiat. California has already started Cap and Tax, so expect to see yet more business leaving California for better places. Texas, start that BBQ and order some extra beer",,4_2
"Climate prediction not only has the problem of nonlinearity in dynamical systems, but also shares with the analysis of typical real complex systems the equally great trouble associated with the presence of a huge panoply of variables, subsystems, and possible feedbacks in play. I remember Rol Madden commenting, back in the 90s when I used to visit NCAR, that it would be a sheer accident if numerical experiments with GCMs were to give credible quantitative representations of the real climate, presumably including future effects of increasing GHG concentrations.",,5_1
"Florida and Bangladesh both experience tropical storms. When a typhoon hits Bangladesh, tens of thousands of people may die. In contrast, when a hurricane strikes Florida, there may be tremendous property damage, but comparatively little loss of life. The reason is not that typhoons are worse than hurricanes but that Florida is wealthy, Bangladesh poor. In Florida, homes are built to withstand high-velocity winds. A developed infrastructure is in place to provide early warning, continuous communication, medical services, and emergency relief. Also, car ownership is widespread, allowing people to drive to safer locales before the storm hits. In short, richer is safer. This suggests that the proper goal of policy is to make more of the world like Florida and to shun political schemes that might damage our mobility, prosperity, or technological prowess. The best insurance policy against both man-made and natural disasters is greater wealth and technological sophistication.",,4_2
"The map below overlays the 1+ ice (turquoise/green) on NSIDCs most recent extent map (white.) You can see that there has been minimal effect on the older ice. Some of the ice in the Beaufort and Chuckchi Seas melted, and some blew over into the East Siberian Sea and Arctic Basin.",,1_1
"Washington's future in Asia depends upon a rich, strategically active Japan.",,0_0
"The study concludes, Given her assumptions, Dr. Yellen's analysis is internally consistent and compatible with mainstream economic analysis. However, her costs estimates include only direct costs . . . and very optimistic assumptions . . . about the economy's ability to reduce emissions at low cost."" Furthermore, the study concludes that, ""If these assumptions fail to materialize, the Administration's estimates of permit prices and GDP costs will need to be adjusted upwards by a factor of ten or more."" Download at: www.api.org/news/980603ChasRiver.pdf.""",,0_0
"In my opinion, it is wishful thinking to think that sufficiently sophisticated reverse engineering could have identified the low replication of the Briffa data set. I don??t rely on this point. Maybe someone can demonstrate that reverse engineering was possible in the case at hand and that, with a little more insight and better reverse engineering, I (and others) could have figured out the poor Briffa replication. If so, so be it. Without the actual Briffa data set, I wasn??t able to figure out that Briffa had used the Hantemirov corridor data set for RCS standardization. Nor was anyone else, including any of the authors who used the poorly replicated Briffa data in important multiproxy reconstructions apparently without inquiring into its replication.",,5_1
"3.) EPA relied upon Climate Models , all predicated on this Fingerprint Theory, that all fail standard model validation and forecast reliability tests. The models all forecast rising temperatures beyond 2000 although GAST has actually been flat. This is not surprising because EPA never carried out any published forecast reliability tests.",,5_1
"Environmentalists campaigned to include these indirect"" emissions in the Environmental Protection Agency's calculation of ethanol's ""lifecycle emissions."" It's an important distinction, because in 2007, Congress also imposed a requirement that most new ethanol production should produce 20 percent less ""lifecycle"" greenhouse gas emissions than gasoline.""",,0_0
"The court also ordered OSTP to produce emails without redacting any of their content (as opposed to recipients' private email addresses and contact information). These emails are odd in light of OSTP's subsequent position that Holdren's claim was merely his personal opinion,"" since they show taxpayer resources being used to produce the video that broadcast his statements, since a government ""contractor"" was used to produce the video in question. They also were exchanged among 17 federal employees working in multiple agencies (including NASA, the OSTP, and other White House offices).""",,0_0
"Most observers were convinced the energy gap caused by Germany?s decision, two years ago, to phase out nuclear power would be filled by wind and solar power. Hardly anyone realised that the extraordinary boom in renewable energy construction would generate a coal boom too.",,0_0
"The days of Washington dragging its heels are over, Obama said.",,0_0
"The U.S. State Department has decided not to renominate Robert T. Watson for the chairmanship of the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, according to a story in the New York Times (April 2, 2002).",,0_0
"Ceduna News, sport and weather | West Coast Sentinel",,0_0
"?Our analysis also leads to a relatively low and tightly-constrained estimate of Transient Climate Response of 1.3?1.8 C, and relatively low projections of 21st-century warming under the Representative Concentration Pathways.?",,0_0
"TPA seems likely to pass the Senate, but passage in the House is uncertain. In 1993, Clinton pushed through the NAFTA agreement with Mexico with 234 votes in the House 132 from Republicans and 102 from Democrats. In 2002, the House passed trade promotion authority by just a 215-212 margin, with aye votes from 190 Republicans and only 25 Democrats.",,0_0
"The first sentence in Marion Clawson's Forests for Whom and for What? begins, `Forests serve the American people in many ways and have the potential to serve more people in better and more generous ways.' This same insight can be expanded to include all of humanity and all the world's forests. (True State of the Planet, pp. 204-205)""",,0_0
Remember a year ago when few days of July warmth with strong blocking over Greenland had the media abuzz over some melting ?,,0_0
"Personally I dont think God pays any interest in the sexual mores of a person as long as there is love behind them (with consent, adulthood, etc etc).",,0_0
"None of these things are consistent with hottest year ever. NASA has known for decades that satellite data is more accurate, and their current willful ignorance of their own satellite temperatures, indicates that they are engaged in propaganda, not science.",,5_1
East Antarctica is four times the size of west Antarctica and parts of it are cooling. The Scientific Committee on Antarctic Research report prepared for last week??s meeting of Antarctic Treaty nations in Washington noted the South Pole had shown ???significant cooling in recent decades??.,,1_1
"Heartland Institute Experts Comment on Wind Turbines Being a Human Health Hazard'""",,0_0
Compare the model predictions to the weather balloon measurements below. The graphs are not remotely the same. The models are wrong. The Hot Spot is missing. The net effect of the warming due to man-made CO 2 has been exaggerated.,,5_1
Ethanol and Energy Security. The fundamental thermodynamic limitations of biofuels will render them little more than niche sources barring massive technological breakthroughs. These limitations undercut claims that biofuels and renewables will increase America's military or energy security.,,0_0
"Government efforts to reduce demand have limits as well. Past federal fuel economy standards for cars and trucks have failed to deliver the predicted declines in energy use. Setting stringent new standards would only hurt consumers by forcing them into smaller, less safe vehicles. And, feasible alternatives to petroleum-powered cars and trucks are still at least a decade away, despite many years of federally funded research.",,0_0
"The other challenge was politicians' growing need to contain health-care spendingespecially for Medicaid. Rivera recognized that politics, more than collective bargaining, offered the means to pursue his members' interests. This meant forging alliances with hospital management and the state Republican Party.",,0_0
"Howard Wolfson, a deputy mayor, wrote on Twitter that his grandmother had lost a leg to diabetes. She would not have appeared in an ad, Mr. Wolfson wrote. Doesnt make her loss less real to have it depicted by another.",,0_0
"We cannot make sane decisions on global warming if the experts' present us with evidence that is biased""",,5_2
Forecasters predict barbecue summer to rival 2003 as temperatures rocket to 27C tomorrow Telegraph,,0_0
"On the other hand, on immigration, President Bush has followed the Roosevelt approach, turning about-face on the border fence and ordering raids onmeat-packing factories that employ illegal aliens. Yet this has not helped him either: Immigration skeptics still do not trust him on the issue, but neither do Hispanic voters. And his overall poll numbers have not even twitched in response.",,0_0
"Another curiosity: Meehl et al (2013) presented the outputs of 5 ensemble members of the CCSM4 model using RCP4.5 forcings. But the CMIP5 archive contains 6 ensemble members with those forcings. Why did they exclude one? We illustrated how poorly all six ensemble members simulate the warming rates in the Pacific on a zonal mean basis, so why they excluded one is somewhat of a mystery.",,5_1
"Initially funded with grants totaling $225 million from ExxonMobil, General Electric, Schlumberger and E.ON, the energy project will be completely administered by Stanford University. The selection of Franklin M. Orr Jr., dean of Stanford?s School of Earth Sciences, to head the new project guarantees that it will be independent.",,0_0
"Jonathan Adler, a professor at the Case Western Reserve University School of Law, looks at free-market approaches to dealing with climate change in The Atlantic:",,0_0
"We are getting more intense rainfall events as the earth warms , but its difficult to pin down any individual event, he told AAP.",,0_0
"A paper published today in Wiley Interdisciplinary Reviews: Climate Change finds that development in poor countries will be harmed by misguided efforts at emission reductions, even if industrialized countries covered all of the costs. According to the authors, This opinion piece argues that even if the full incremental costs of abatement in developing countries would be covered by industrialized countries, the former's development prospects could be hampered by climate change mitigation due to the following reasons. First, financial inflows have the potential to induce a climate finance curse similar to adverse effects related to natural resource exports. Second, increased use of more expensive low-carbon energy sources could delay structural change and the build-up of physical infrastructure. Third, higher energy prices could have negative effects on poverty and inequality.""",,4_1
This would allow public involvement through judicial review but hold opponents accountable. This might lead to a more responsible form of environmentalism.,,0_0
"Lukewarmers have found the world to be a lonely place. But favor (think physical processes of global climate) smiled for us in 2011. Several scientific studies produced results, when considered in combination, provide evidence that the general warming of the earth?s climate is proceeding at a rate that lies in the lower half of the IPCC?s projected temperature change during the 21st century.",,3_1
202-331-2282 / boberwetter@cei.org,,0_0
"The map also shows a 40 per cent to 60 per cent probability that western England and Wales will be warmer than 3.7C (38.6F), with a much smaller chance of average or below-average temperatures.",,0_0
"More specifically, only if Western taxpayers ante up. Among other things, the Chinese communist regime insists that the incentive payments it demands must come from new, additional, adequate, predictable and sustained public funds rather than mostly private financing, as the U.S. hopes.""",,0_0
12 I fast twice a week and give a tenth of all I get.,,0_0
Iain Murray and James C. Bennett's op-ed in The Wall Street Journal Europe,,0_0
"Educators who turn schools into indoctrination centers have been going all out to propagandize a whole generation with Al Gore??s movie, ???An Inconvenient Truth??- which has in fact carried a message that has been very convenient for Al Gore financially, producing millions of dollars from his ???green?? activities.",,5_2
"Repeating a familiar administration talking point, Pershing stated that the 195 governments that negotiated the Paris treaty believe climate change is a big problem,"" so ""no matter who is president, it's going to be part of what they have to deal with.""",,0_0
"Wind power output is unreliable . Three parties should be concerned with the variability of windpower output: the company selling the wind power, the company buying the wind power, and the transmission network operator providing responsible for reliable operation of the power grid.",,4_4
"3) The carbon-dioxide issue is not about the United States anymore. Sure, the U.S. is the world's second-largest energy consumer. But over the past decade, carbon-dioxide emissions in the U.S. fell by 1.7%. And according to the International Energy Agency, the U.S. is now cutting carbon emissions faster than Europe, even though the European Union has instituted an elaborate carbon-trading/pricing scheme. Why? The U.S. is producing vast quantities of cheap natural gas from shale, which is displacing higher-carbon coal.",,0_0
"A new World Bank study by scholars has this summary of the hysterical, Lord Stern AGW climate-impact research"":""",,0_0
And according to Kristin Blasche of the Federal Ministry For Maritime Shipping And Hydrography:,,0_0
"Top two graphs show temperature proxies from two different lakes in Iceland. Bottom graph is a composite of the two lakes, and shows ~12C temperature decrease from 8,000 years ago to the end of the record in the year 2000.",,2_1
Report: Energy-efficient windows melt cars,,0_0
"Five members of the nation's highest court signed off on an opinion that, were it submitted as an answer to a first-year law exam on statutory interpretation and administrative law, would get a failing grade.",,0_0
"Every revolution is a surprise. Still, the latest Russian Revolution must be counted among the greatest of surprises. In the years leading up to 1991, virtually no Western expert, scholar, official, or politician foresaw the impending collapse of the Soviet Union, and with it one-party dictatorship, the state-owned economy, and the Kremlin's control over its domestic and Eastern European empires. Neither, with one exception, did Soviet dissidents nor, judging by their memoirs, future revolutionaries themselves. When Mikhail Gorbachev became general secretary of the Communist Party in March 1985, none of his contemporaries anticipated a revolutionary crisis. Although there were disagreements over the size and depth of the Soviet system's problems, no one thought them to be life-threatening, at least not anytime soon.",,0_0
"Minerals Council of Australia deputy chief Brendan Pearson accused Senator Brown of rank opportunism, unworthy of a serious political leader.",,0_0
"Now, take the claims that there was a different shooter, like the driver. Well, the driver theory just disagrees with all the evidence I could see. An even more popular theory is the Grassy Knoll Badge Man. I watched this conspiracy video defending this meme and I just had to laugh out loud. They take a random place in the noise of a picture and argue not only that it contains a man. They can say that he had a particular haircut or hat and a uniform and some of them say that he wore glasses. Holy cow, I don't see a damn thing. It's as noisy a piece of the picture as almost any other in the area.",,0_0
"It would be a nightmare, which is precisely why Members of Congress never have voted to subject greenhouse gases to the Clean Air Act. The Supreme Court, however, bizarrely determined in 2007 (Massachusetts v EPA) the Clean Air Act could be used to regulate greenhouse gases, even though Michigan Representative John Dingell, who authored the Clean Air Act, said that This is not what was intended by the Congress.""",,0_0
"The key question for policy makers should be whether California's energy policies benefit consumers. The answer is no. With a few exceptions, electricity prices in California are higher than in the rest of the nation. The oft-repeated claim that California electricity rates are high but overall bills are low is a myth. Residential power bills increased by 36 percent since 1990.",,0_0
The 2006 Weblog Awards continue -- this year we are in the blogs ranked 1751-2500. Please cast your vote for Coyote Blog here . Remember that you can vote once per day!,,0_0
"It's a go! The frequency of freeze overs has historically been around once every 20 years. Now, in the last decade, we have seen two ...",,0_0
"Of course, this war on coal comes from the same administration that put the crucify them"" Administrator Al Armendariz in charge of the biggest oil and gas producing region of the country. In fact, EPA's crucifixion philosophy is so obvious now that even the left leaning Washington Post said that the Obama EPA is ""earning a reputation for abuse."" But I think Kim Strassel of the Wall Street Journal put it best when she said that Armendariz was ""a perfect general for Mr. Obama's war against natural gas"" and ""on the front lines"" of President Obama's battle to end fossil fuels and affordable energy.""",,0_0
"But hasn't Mr. Bush been hypocritical? It's true that, during the first term, he let expediency in domestic politics influence decisions in international economics. I'm thinking of the steel tariffs he imposed in March 2002 and lifted two years later. Don't expect that sort of cynicism in the second termsince Mr. Bush can't run for a third. Instead, anticipate that Mr. Bush will push hard to open new markets and to lower barriers in the United States. He has no doubts about the benefits of free trade.",,0_0
IPCC Climate Model Scientists Badly Botch The Science Of Sea Levels - Honest Error(s)?,,5_1
"A linear fit to anomalies show warming from the 1971 through 2012 was approximately 0.16C/decade. In contrast the recent decadal trend ending in 2012 was -0.05C/dec. Moreover, the 11 and 12 year trends ending in 2012 are -0.05C/dec and -0.02 C/decade respectively. All 13-year or longer term trends ending in 2012 are positive.",,1_4
"Material for a reconstruction comes from several proxies, from innumerable places, several latitudes, of areas with continental climate and marine climate, and they are not all of equal quality. To puzzle this all together not only requires carefulness but also a truck cargo of statistical techniques to find real correlations and not only local coincidences. And then still in some periods of the reconstruction, the error margins in the results will be considerably large.",,5_1
(rate constant for the reaction tergende) x (concentration of the reaction product),,0_0
States Should Defy Unlawful EPA Carbon Dioxide Rules,,0_0
"From Andrew Bolt at Australia??s Herald Sun below, some sharp evidence in a new paper that the ???coral bleaching?? scare of the Great Barrier Reef is unfounded and mostly made up.",,3_2
"Kevin E. Trenberth, chief of the climate-analysis branch of the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Colorado, said, There are very good reasons to believe that the current U.S. heat wave is at least partly caused by global warming.",,0_0
Animation 3 is an update of the cross sections of temperature anomalies at depth along the equator.,,0_0
"Walking is not as difficult as I imagined. Every twenty steps I have to stop and pull the sleeping bags up over my legs again, but my feet stay warm. In ten minutes we meet another hiker. We must look like the Donner Party, but we tell him everything is okay and keep going. Between the mountain ridges there is a small draw. I slide down one slope, then struggle up the other. It is impossible to get traction. I have to crawl on my stomach. Dylan waits patiently at the top.",,0_0
University Begins Reporting All P2P Users to the Police:,,0_0
"There is already a well established system for measuring the strength of tornadoes, and a well established database to back it up. Yet Elsner has attempted to replace this with a statistical model, based on a small amount of potentially unreliable data.",,0_0
"Klaus appeared to be responding to the address of the Swiss president of the General Assembly, Joseph Deiss, who said on Thursday at the opening of the annual gathering of world leaders in New York that it was time for the United Nations to comprehensively fulfill its global governance role.""",,0_0
Western Business Leaders Pile Pressure on China and India,,0_0
"This is an alternative to something that does not yet exist: a post-2012 agreement. (The current European Union negotiating posture, demanding even deeper rationing despite failure on the first go-round, ensures that such an agreement never will exist.)",,0_0
Schwarzenegger of undermining recent legislation on greenhouse gas emissions.,,0_0
"We now address three additional reasons why the conventional anthropogenic CO2 warming theory is flawed due to incorrect assumptions regarding the energy budget. In contrast, the mass/gravity/pressure alternative greenhouse theory is entirely compatible with Earth's energy budget, physical laws, and observations.",,2_3
"Nightly television pictures of the tragic destruction from tornadoes over the past months might make one wonder if the frequency of tornadoes is increasing, perhaps due to the increasing levels of CO2 in the atmosphere. But as one can read at Andrew Revkin's New York Times blog, dotearth, There is no evidence of any trend in the number of potent tornadoes (category F2 and up) over the past 50 years in the United States, even as global temperatures have risen markedly.""",,1_7
"(And yes, I do think the Texas Hill Country would be a good place to live as we head into the coming ice age. In fact, I loved it.)",,0_0
"Despite Newsom's opposition, the law may still end up on the books. The board passed it on an 8-3 vote Tuesday, the minimum needed to override a veto. An override vote has not been scheduled.",,0_0
"This is a refinement of the previous possibility. I put this forward because of the obvious daily change in climate sensitivity in the tropics, with the sensitivity dropping as the day progresses and the temperature increases. Sincethat variation in the climate sensitivity occurs daily over about a third of the planet, the part of the planet where the energy enters the system, it is not unreasonable to think that the global climate sensitivity should be a function of temperature. (Note that even here the sensitivity is unlikely to be a linear function of temperature, as the natural situation contains clear thresholds at which the climate sensitivity changes rapidly.)",,3_1
"Truth n1 The Mean Global Temperature has been stable since 1 997, despite a continuous increase of the CO 2 content of the air: how could one say that the increase of the CO 2 content of the air is the cause of the increase of the temperature?",,1_4
"All of which is why I tried (badly) to make the counter argument that if (according to Oreskes) skeptics are motivated by their belief in defence of an ideology of laissez-faire governence, opposition to government regulation (sic), then the opposite might also explain the warmist viewpoint. Now I take your previous comment that it is not down simple party political faultlines but",,5_2
"The latest result was released by LifeWay Research, a Southern Baptist-affiliated polling agency. It was based on a survey of 1,000 Protestant pastors of various denominations in October 2010.",,0_0
Lilley calls on the government to cease basing its climate change policy on the flawed Stern Review and commission a new independent cost benefit study of alternative strategies.,,0_0
"Background. From November 2 to 14, 1998, delegates from 160 nations gathered at the Fourth Conference of the Parties (COP-4) in Buenos Aires to debate the operational rules for implementing the Kyoto Protocol. The Protocol would require the United States to reduce its energy-related emissions 30-40 percent below levels otherwise projected for the years 2008-2012. Almost everything about the treaty is controversial including its scientific underpinnings, estimated costs, and political feasibility.",,0_0
"Perhaps given the chance to avert public eyes from his lackluster results with containing the deteriorating situation in Syria, nuclear talks with Iran, and the Middle East peace process, Secretary of State Kerry has chosen to flaunt his lack of scientific understanding as a needed diversion.",,0_0
"elected. He responded by pointing to his new comprehensive policy guidebook,",,0_0
"As I like to say, taking measurements of the climate system is much easier than figuring out what those measurements mean in terms of cause and effect. Generally speaking, it?s not the warming that is in dispute?it?s the cause of the warming.",,0_0
"A quantitative test of climate model performance can be made by comparing the range of model projections against observations of the evolution of the global average surface temperature since the mid-20 th century. Here, we perform such a comparison on a collection of 108 model runs comprising the ensemble used in the IPCCs 5th Scientific Assessment and find that the observed global average temperature evolution for trend lengths (with a few exceptions) since 1980 is less than 97.5% of the model distribution, meaning that the observed trends are significantly different from the average trend simulated by climate models. For periods approaching 40 years in length, the observed trend lies outside of (below) the range that includes 95% of all climate model simulations.",,5_1
"November 17, 2014 | Testimony on Energy and Environment",,0_0
Assume that human greenhouse-gas emissions are causing dangerous changes in the Earth's climate. What should we do about it? Public debate on climate change has focused almost solely on requiring large reductions in fossil-fuel energy consumption. Enter the journal Nature with a new feature article on another potential means of dealing with climate change.,,0_0
"I don't think it's a coincidence that Immelt is suddenly saying jobs are his biggest concern now that he's the chairman of the White House's Council on Jobs and Competitiveness. If Immelt proved one thing during his long experiment with ecomagination"" it was that he sees no problem with gaming politics as part of his business model.""",,0_0
"As we ridottida cradle of Mediterranean civilization, in the realm of paradoxes. We are forced to choose between the Northern League and the Ndrangheta because everyone else is against us.",,0_0
Wind Energy: German data shows what the Dutch found out years ago,,0_0
Ann McElhinney has given a nice talk explaining that Avatar is a beautiful movie but it is complete rubbish created by a total idiot named James Cameron. ;-),,0_0
"The most energy wasteful plants have mostly already been shut under that plan, and achieving further improvements will require more refitting of factories and plants and other more expensive measures, said Deborah Seligsohn, a Beijing-based climate policy expert working for the World Resources Institute.",,0_0
"According to Environment Canada, the highest recorded snow fall for Williams Lake todate had been 42.7 cm on Jan. 7, 1961.",,0_0
"The July 2008 package is a stepping stone on the way to concluding the Doha Round. Consultations took place among a group of ministers representing all interests in the negotiations in Geneva, Switzerland, from Jul. 21 to Jul. 30, 2008.",,0_0
"Unilateral imposition of such a tax would offer little to no climate benefit. The idea that China and India would follow the US lead on this issue is absurd. As I like to say, China is as likely to follow the example of the U.S. on carbon controls as it has with regard to human rights, civil rights, religious freedoms, etc. China and India will act on their economic interests, and theyve been quite honest about that.",,4_2
the Developing World is not joining-in with CO2 emission reductions nor does it have any intention of doing so.The failure of worldwide action negates the unilateral action of any individual western Nation,,4_2
"Practical Action has built multipurpose flood shelters in the north that lend full-scale protection to livestock and people, and have had huge successes growing pumpkins on sandbars; the United Nations Development Programme is trialing disaster-proof villages, ringed entirely by dykes, with houses mounted on concrete legs. Environmental challenges also drive great innovation in national NGOs. Shidhulai Swanirvar Sangstha has built a fleet of floating, solar-powered schools. Another outfit sails along the coast offering hospital services.",,0_0
"I doubt that the warming effect is more than trivial, because it appears to be overwhelmed by other forces so often that there is no good correlation anywhere with co2 and temperature.",,2_3
"Paul O'Sullivan, Deputy Chief of Mission at the Australian Embassy, explained why Australia is fighting against a treaty that imposes an undue burden with minimal return.",,0_0
"IN the past collusive lawsuits and the problem of Chevron jurisprudence have been a focus of JunkScience postings along with the problems of junk science and issues of scientific evidentiary admissibility. All of these abuses of judicial power violate the constitution when they allow judges to become law makers and givers, rather than deciding cases by applying the law made.",,0_0
Figures 13 and 14 reminded me of two things:,,0_0
"The Norwegian, Captain WiktorArnesen, who has just returned fromthe Arctic, clains to have discoveredan island 12 miles in circumferencenear the Franz Joseph Island, in latitude 80.40. He says that the islandpreviously was hidden by an iceberg between 70 and 80 feet high, which hasmelted, showing the exceptional natureof the recent thawing in the Arctic.",,0_0
that impacts produces risk that needs careful and urgent attention.,,0_0
"An ECS value of 1.8 is not consistent with any catastrophic warming estimates but is consistent with skeptical arguments that warming will be mild and non-catastrophic. At the current rate of increase of atmospheric CO2 (about 2.1 ppm/yr), and an ECS of 1.8, we should expect 1.0 C of warming by 2100. By comparison, we have experienced 0.86 C warming since the start of the HADCRUT4 data set. This warming is similar to what would be expected over the next ~ 100 years and has not been catastrophic by any measure.",,3_1
2001: The IPCC concludes that todays temperatures are warmer than in 1300 years. How it reached this conclusion is under criminal investigation.,,5_2
"17 The satellite MSU (1979-1998) and balloon radiosonde date (1958-1998) show no net warming in the high (60 -90 N) northern latitudes. See ftp://wind.atmos.uah.edu/msu/t2lt and J. K. Angell, Comparison of surface and tropospheric temperature trends estimated from a 63-station radiosonde network, 1958-1998, Geophysical Research Letters 26, 2761 (1999).",,0_0
"From Laframboises Citizen Audit: Of the 18531 references in the 2007 Climate Bible we found 5,587 a full 30% to be non peer-reviewed.",,0_0
"The previous rule is actually required by SO(10)-like grand unified theories (see Hall et al. 1993 ) to obtain the right Yukawa couplings for the third-generation heavy fermions - the top quark, the bottom quark, and the tau lepton.",,0_0
"Hard cases make bad law, says the old maxim, meaning that a judge's sympathy for a particular party's predicament seduces him into twisting legal doctrine in ways that cause trouble in the future.",,0_0
"Summer temperatures in Arizona peaked in 1896, and recent summers have been among the coolest on record.",,1_3
And here you already see three fans of the U.S. next to the Greenpeace Totem : that's exactly the place where the radar should be built.,,0_0
"A panel of notables, co-chaired by Michael Bloomberg, Henry Paulson, and Thomas Steyer, has launched a new effort to sell the idea of more U.S. action on climate change. The group has released a report titled, Risky Business: The Economic Risks of Climate Change in the United States. At about the same time, Mr. Paulson published a New York Times opinion piece revealing that his personal goal is a carbon tax. He bases this preference, he says, on his business experience with risk.",,0_0
"On the American side, there is certainly no shortage of will and vision. Our two authors themselves were instrumental in forcing Europeans to look beyond Brussels sandbox politics and leading the drive for a successful enlargement of NATO. In the process of preaching a gospel of broader and farther is always better,"" though, they elevated enlargement to the rank of a Kantian categorical imperative and by the same token lost sight of the Hobbesian iron law known in the jargon of political science as the security dilemma. Simply put: however defensive in intent, any actor's move to increase its security always runs the risk of being perceived as an offensive move by another actor.5""",,0_0
"The paper before that Lu (2010, Phys. Rep.) has now come in for a real spanking from Groo and Mller (2011) in Do cosmic-ray-driven electron-induced reactions impact stratospheric ozone depletion and global climate change?. From the abstract:",,2_1
"The chairman of the Municipal Labor Committee, Local 831, which represents men and women of the New York City Sanitation Department says there is no truth behind a rumor that his members worked slower during the blizzard of 2010.",,0_0
The host of the interview starts by telling the audience that climate scientists have come under pressure because the average temperature indeed has not risen in 15 years . Kirchhof:,,1_4
"Empirical evidence does not lend much support to the notion that climate is headed precipitately toward more extreme heat and drought. The drought of 1999 covered a smaller area than the 1988 drought, when the Mississippi almost dried up. And 1988 was a temporary inconvenience as compared with repeated droughts during the 1930s Dust Bowl that caused an exodus from the prairies, as chronicled in Steinbecks Grapes of Wrath .",,1_7
Sneer quotes! Yeah that's a good one. Like they're Al Gore or something. And what the hell would an economist know about climate? What chance is there that an economist could add to the debate?,,0_0
"Over the past several years, the possibility of a grand bargain that would produce major trade liberalization in manufacturing, services and agriculture has steadily diminished and has now disappeared. As this piece is written during the dog days"" of August, trade ministers and bureaucrats from World Trade Organization member states are engaged in a final desperate drive to come up with a face-saving ""mini-package,"" or Early Harvest, of trade concessions to present at a climactic meeting of WTO ministers in December. The goal of the package is to salvage benefits for the world's poorest countries such as tariff-free, quota-free trade with developed countries, drastic reduction in subsidies for cotton, exemptions from major services trade liberalization, and trade facilitation programs such as logistical aid to move goods from farm and factory to air-and seaports.""",,0_0
"9. Most hurricanes ever in one day: On August 22, 1893 , four hurricanes were occurring simultaneously: storm #3 approaching Nova Scotia, Canada, storm #4 between Bermuda and the Bahamas, storm #6 northeast of the Lesser Antilles, and storm #7 west of the Cape Verde Islands. Storm #4 would end up making a direct hit on New York City as a Category 1 hurricane two days later and storm #6 ending up hitting Georgia and South Carolina as a Category 3 hurricane (the Sea Islands Hurricane"") and killing 1000-2000 people. The only other known date with four hurricanes occurring at the same time was September 25, 1998 , when hurricanes Georges, Ivan, Jeanne and Karl were in existence.""",,1_7
"Now that we've considered the benefits the EPA claims Utility MACT would bring, let's consider the costs. The EPA's own estimates say the rule will cost $10 billion annually, making it one of the most expensive regulations ever. More than 20 states are suing the EPA to stop the regulation, which they fear would endanger electric reliability. These states, in short, worry their lights may go out.",,0_0
"On the other side are the bad guysthose oil, car and utility companies that produce or use fossil fuels, their defenders in Congress and pro-business groups"" such as the Competitive Enterprise Institute and the Cooler Heads Coalition.""",,0_0
"Researchers have traditionally estimated the net cloud effect by measuring a broad spectrum of sunlight that makes it to the earth's surface, from ultraviolet to infrared. But clouds are white that's because the large water droplets within them scatter light of all colors almost equally in the visible spectrum, the part of the electromagnetic spectrum that includes the colors of the rainbow.",,0_0
"In the 1970s, however, scientists began to realize that life had in fact greatly changed the Earth?s environment, starting more than a billion years ago. At the same time, evidence was building that burning fossil fuels was increasing the atmospheric concentration of carbon dioxide. In 1957, Charles Keeling began the first continuous measurements to study carbon-dioxide change over time at Mauna Loa, Hawaii. By 1973, he reported at a landmark conference at Brookhaven National Laboratory on ?Carbon and the Biosphere? that carbon dioxide showed a definite increase in 15 years, consistent with releases from burning fossil fuels. For those of us working on these issues, the scientific and environmental implications were vast.",,0_0
"While the UN was sinking in global parochialism, NATO has gone global geographically (50,000 troops deployed now on three continents) and functionally (broadening of political consultations in the NAC). It is also beginning to go global in its cooperation with non-Atlantic partners like Japan to Australia.",,0_0
"After looking at the data, Ms Ameling might consider Rahmstorf as simply not a serious person who is irresponsiblyinserting fear into vulnerable young minds and doing a disservice to his country.",,5_2
"I can't tell at this point whether the catastrophic oil spill increases the chances of a climate change bill moving forward, or kills it dead. Certainly, the hope of finding some modest bipartisan support for the Graham/Kerry/Lieberman plan rested on the president's willingness to entertain an expansion of offshore drilling (as well as movement on nuclear power). The need to step back from that pledge, via a moratorium for now, may limit GOP support for any bill, while any proposal that might expand offshore drilling could cause some Democrats to disavow the legislation.",,0_0
"In his 15-minute segment, Pederson accused Murphy of breaching journalistic ethics in a July 24, 2009, Globe and Mail column entitled So where's that global cooling alert?"" Murphy's crime? He ignored what Pederson considers the global warming ""facts."" Pederson's point was that a newspaper columnist can have whatever opinions he/she wants, but these opinions must be based on facts, not just ideology. As a former columnist myself, for the Times Colonist, I also believe this is true.""",,0_0
"If that turns out to be true, then the actual sensitivity to CO2 doubling would be far less than the 2C to 5C or more projected by the IPCC. Indeed it could be 0.5C, or even less. As current CO2 levels are about 390 ppmv we are about 40% to a doubling from historic 280 ppmv levels, the actual temperature rise due to the human component of AGW could be 0.2C.",,3_1
"IPCC: Our bad! Global warming not about to melt Himalayas.""",,0_0
million budget shortfall that will force the agency to reduce emergency,,0_0
"The Damocles sword of global warming hangs by one slender threadthe future effects of man-made emissions of CO 2 . If these dont cause dangerous warming, theres no crisis. Computer models predict dangerous warming, but thats not evidence, its just a possibility. There is no scientific evidence showing that our emissions will dangerously affect the climate. If any existed, you can be sure that we would have been told about it many times. We wouldnt be allowed to forget it.",,5_1
"There is a warming of the surface by infra-red active gases, the so-called greenhouse gases, but that effect was maximized at lower concentrations of those gases than we now have.Increases in those gases now cause small decreases in surface and general tropospheric temperatures.This is because the mean free length for infra-red absorption by these gases is now too short for them to move the upper troposphere radiative equilibrium altitude to higher altitudes in the dense troposphere.With that space radiation shell at the top of the troposphere relatively stabilized, the increased role of the gases in transporting heat energy upward from the surface means they are stronger coolants than they are greenhouse heaters.",,2_3
"Curiously, in an earlier work (Mann and Jones 2003), Mann had used an Antarctic isotope series covering the past two millennia (Law Dome), but, despite the shortage of long SH proxies, this series was not used in Mann et al 2008. The reasons for its omission were not stated. As CA readers realize, the Law Dome isotope series has a rather elevated medieval period, a feature that led to an AR4 controversy seen in Climategate emails. AR4 wanted to illustrate long SH proxies, but refused to show the Law Dome series (with its warm medieval period).",,5_1
"Warmer winters have significant environmental and economic implications, and a wide range of research indicates that pests and plant diseases, usually killed back by sharp frosts, are likely to flourish. But very little research has been done on the cultural implications of climate change into the possibility, for example, that our notion of Christmas might have to shift.",,0_0
Facebook paid PR firm to smear Google:,,0_0
"Though it is rare for anyone to recommend that lawmakers hit the bottle, in the case of ethanol, the balance of virtue and vice is fairly clear. America's motto should not be Ethanol for Energy Independence."" It should be ""Ethanol: Drink It, Don't Drive It.""",,0_0
We Desperately Need To Get Back To The Climate Stability Of 1917,,0_0
Link to detailed study: The Levelized Cost of Electricity from Existing Generation Resources,,0_0
"24 Fred Crickard, ed., Multinational Naval Cooperation and Foreign Policy in the 21st Century, 1998 (a three-day symposium attended by 200 CNOs, diplomats, and academics from 32 countries). See also Sam Tangredi, ed., Globalization and Maritime Power, National Defense University, 2002.",,0_0
"Finally, Jacobson said, carbon particles released from burning biomass settle on snow and ice, contributing to further warming.",,0_0
"The how climate change might make some land unsuitable model was built from the IPCCs totally bogus emissions scenarios. The modeled scenarios A1B, A2A and B2A.",,0_0
"Its been a frequent debating point from climate sceptics. Recent cold winters in Britain and Europe, they often say, undermine the case that the world is growing warmer. Scientists have tended to reply that that is to mix up the short-term effects of weather in a particular region with long term climate change, and that the cold winters therefore are of little significance.",,1_3
"But the reality is that having personally committed to this policy, Clintons massive spending commitment and illegal use of presidential power will have outraged all those Americans who might not have cared much about the climate and might have just turned a deaf ear to sceptics thinking to themselves we should help the environment. Now, these people can see the real cost, they can see that the Democrats are hell bent on this political power grab . Clinton and Obama will just galvanised the Republicans and many of their own (previous) supporters to fight against them. Complete disaster politically!",,0_0
"If the size of the talus area had been modeled as the only predictor of pika vacancies, any large talus area, (areas above the upper red line), would correctly predict full occupancy, accounting for 31% of the sites (20 of 67), regardless of temperature. Small talus area (areas below the lower red line) would correctly account for 70% of the vacancies (7 of 10 vacancies) regardless of temperature. In talus of intermediate areas, only 7% of the sites were vacant (3 of 39) which is close to the overall 6% finding of the USFS surveys. That 7% vacancy rate is easily accounted for by random extinction/colonization events, and the percentage is far better than vacancy rates Dr. Smith reported for Bodies ore piles.",,0_0
"Thats right. Regardless of its cause. Working Group 2 isnt claiming that these observed impacts are necessarily a result of human activities. They could equally well be the result of natural climate change the IPCC makes no distinction. And if they are, then President Obama, the New York Times, the Guardian and all the others who believe that the adverse impacts of human-caused climate change are already being felt have got it wrong.",,0_0
WUWT reader pat writes at 2013/12/26 at 1:59 pm,,0_0
"Attacks on the integrity of global-warming skeptics are nothing new. As a co-author of two papers with Mr. Soon, I've been subjected to them myself. This time, however, the attacks have reached a feverish pitch. In addition, the government has gotten involved. Democratic Rep. Raul Grijalva of Arizona has requested information from seven universities about funding for research by global warming skeptics, while Democratic Sens. Barbara Boxer of California, Ed Markey of Massachusetts and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island asked for similar information from 100 corporations.",,0_0
"Joel Schwartz masterfully debunked Heat Advisory in two columns published in National Review. In the first column (September 14, 2007), Joel showed that NRDC used 1996 emissions to predict"" ozone levels in the 2050s and 2080s, even though ""actual emissions of ozone-forming pollutants are already more than 25% lower than they were in 1996 and will drop another 70%-80% in just the next 20 years, based on already-adopted and implemented federal requirements.""",,0_0
"This summer's once-in-a-half-century Midwestern drought caused global prices for staple food products to soar by 10%and corn in particular to jump by 25%, according to the World Bank. The food shortages across Africa, the Middle East and South America are the worst since the 1980s and have produced hunger and political instability, according to the United Nations.",,0_0
"The acceptance of CO2 as a pollutant by the EPA, yet it is a climate forcing not a traditional atmospheric pollutant, opens up a wide range of other climate forcings which the EPA could similarly regulate (e.g. land use; water vapor).",,0_0
"/s/ David W. Heath JSC, Reentry Specialist, MOD, 30 years",,0_0
"Temperature in Greenland now is -67F, and only needs to warm up 100 degrees to get above freezing.",,1_3
"A committee of five middle school parents, three teachers and one administrator met to determine whether the book and video served a proper purpose within the curriculum.",,0_0
"Prosser edging Kloppenburg in votes, recount all but assured:",,0_0
"IPPs found out all too late that they were not the shire in the utility industrys middle earth but instead a small slice of Mordor. (Thanks Mr. Tolkien, and thanks to the lucky drudge who coined corporate America. It includes almost every business in the country, and for that matter its workers and shareholders.) But thats just me, Bob Michaels, and I never ran an IPP or had my ear to the ground to sense the (John Q. )publics moral outrage over carbon.",,0_0
Skeptics were considered sorcerers or witches and were tortured until they confessed. Then they were executed.,,0_0
"Elevated CO 2 stimulated rates of net photosynthesis by about 60% in the well-watered seedlings. Under drought conditions, however, the relative photosynthetic stimulation increased to as much as 180%, leading to CO 2 -induced increases in seedling dry mass of 33 and 31% for well-watered and water-stressed seedlings, respectively. The larger percentage enhancement of net photosynthesis in the water-stressed seedlings essentially ameliorated the negative effect of water stress on growth. In addition, elevated CO 2 increased whole-plant water-use efficiency by 51 and 63% in the well-watered and water-stressed seedlings, respectively. This enhancement resulted solely from the CO 2 -induced increases in photosynthesis, and not from reductions in stomatal conductance or total water use. What it means",,3_3
"China has no alternative to coal, with its domestic gas output limited and liquefied natural gas (LNG) imports more costly than coal. William Durbin",,0_0
"Every month, the Earth has yellow (warm) spots and purple (cold) spots. It has been like that for billions of years.",,2_1
"Like with temperature and sea level data, government climate scientists are tampering with data to make it appear that the past was colder, had lower sea level, and had more sea ice. Perhaps Hansen has been consulting with JAXA.",,5_2
"Of course, as we move forward with more EPA GHG rulemaking, it matters critically who the President is. But even if Mitt Romney is elected President, he will find it very difficult to eliminate EPA GHG regulation completely. To do so, he would have to pull the endangerment finding, which would be difficult to accomplish both legally and politically. However, the discretion that the CAA gives EPA to fashion GHG regulations, while dangerous in the wrong hands, also presents an opportunity to an EPA Administrator who wishes to have a moderate approach to GHG regulation.",,0_0
"Cleaning the nation's air and water is a public health activity, but denying Americans access to the nation's vast reservoirs of coal, oil, and natural gas is an attack on the nation's economic growth and a denial of the energy it requires to recover from the 2008 financial crisis, providing jobs and keeping energy costs under control.",,0_0
"That would be like saying in the late 1800s, as a society, we must reduce hay consumption."" After all, millions of acres of land were dedicated to raising feed for horses, numbering about 20 million.""",,0_0
"ALMOST exactly three years ago Michael Hammer showed that the official temperature rise profile for the 20th century in the United States is largely, if not entirely, an artifact of adjustments applied after the raw data is collected from the weather stations . It was a very neat little analysis, first published at this blog. It was a neat little analysis that was, for the most part, ignored.",,5_1
"In an op-ed touting their Climate Stewardship Act that appeared in the San Francisco Chronicle August 1, Senators McCain and Lieberman made an extraordinary claim about the deleterious effects of greenhouse gases. They asserted, According to a United Nations' study, every ton of greenhouse gas emitted into the atmosphere costs each American up to $160and we are emitting billions of tons each year.""",,0_0
"On Thursday, the Met Office launched its new report on global warming, UK Climate Predictions 2009 otherwise known as UKCP09 . This is based on the output of Hadley Centre climate models that predict temperature increases of up to 6C with wetter winters, dryer summers, more heatwaves, rising sea levels, more floods and all the other catastrophes that one would expect from similar exercises in alarmism.",,5_2
"In the Tasmanian climate, the future scenario for 2070 which is warmer and drier suggested a ... 70 to 100 per cent increase in area burnt, he said.",,0_0
"IPCC reports are supposed to be the gold standard account of what is and is not known about global warming. The panel boasts that it uses only peer-reviewed scientific literature. But its claims about mountain ice turned out to be anecdotes from a climbing magazine, its claims on the Amazon's vulnerability to drought from a Brazilian pressure group's website and 42 per cent of the references in one chapter proved to be to reports by Greenpeace, WWF and other grey"" literature. Yesterday's review finds that guidelines on the use of this grey literature ""are vague and have not always been followed"".""",,5_2
Robert L. Bradley is the chief executive officer and founder of the Institute for Energy Research in Houston.,,0_0
Get that? Climate forecasts are warming substantially faster than the actual atmosphere. This is a significant problem for modeling.,,5_1
"Firstly, it misunderstands international trade. Our economic well-being is independent of Chinese productivity. The idea that other nations will ?steal our jobs? or otherwise capitalize off of our unwillingness to go green is a fallacy. The belief that another country?s rise or fall impacts our economic well-being in any appreciable way is unsupported by economic theory and disproven by empirical evidence (ignoring, for simplicity, the prospect of military confrontation, where relative strength does indeed matter). There is no race or contest being played out; the U.S. and China are not Pepsi and Coca Cola writ large.",,0_0
"Corporations that would not benefit from new projects forecast that tax increases will compel them to lay off workers and raise prices for consumers. ?We can?t afford it,? they say. ?We?ll go out of business. Besides, why should America go first? Unless the rest of the world pulls its weight, we have no chance of succeeding.?",,0_0
"Its that time of year again when we see headlines about 2007 being the m th warmest year on record over the past n years whether we are talking about the United States or the world as a whole. Reporters breathlessly reveal that the trend in temperatures is alarming and completely unprecedented over the eons of earth history. The buildup of greenhouse gases is immediately blamed, and we are all left to believe that the rising temperatures can only be explained by human emissions. Rarely does anyone seem to question the quality of the temperature data, and yet, articles appear regularly in the scientific literature showing that the near-surface air temperature measurements are fraught with errors, gaps, and any number of inhomogeneities.",,5_1
18. Does the threat of major climate change justify drastic reductions in CO2 emissions by the United States and other nations?,,0_0
"Since this result uses the IPCC models themselves to ???calibrate?? the Levitus observations, it cannot be faulted for using a model that is ???too simple??. To the extent the average IPCC model mimics nature, the models themselves suggest the relatively weak ocean warming observed during 1955-1999 indicates relatively low climate sensitivity.",,3_1
"Remember the number 1.85. It is the lodestar of a new demography that will lead us to a different world. It should change the way we think about economics, geopolitics, the environment, cultureand about ourselves.",,0_0
"Obama spouts brazen lies, says astrophysicist""",,0_0
"I would have thought there might be some winners as well as losers out of climate change that it is not universally all bad. Indeed I have previously commented that warm weather favors coral reefs but not polar bears, click here . But it seems the conference and The Age had a single message: Well all be rooned.",,0_0
"overseas and found that even when they wanted to do so, they faced determined and",,0_0
So heres my challenge for NOAA. Prove me wrong. Prove that the USHCN station analysis is not giving the true picture. Show how you come to the conclusions you do and prove that they are correct.,,0_0
"NASAs man-made global warming deep ocean hiding place lies directly above one of the most active sub-ocean geological heat flow regions on earth, the Solomon Island / New Guinea portion of the western Pacific. A visually dramatic example of this geological heat flow is shown in the photo atop this article (Figure 1). It shows the ocean surface expression of the heat plume from a sub-ocean volcano named Kavachi which is located in the Solomon Island Chain. Even more telling are recently updated deep ocean maps which have identified many hundreds of deep sub-ocean volcanoes, hydrothermal vents and fault zones in this limited geographical area. None of these geological features are monitored for heat flow. However this Solomon Island / New Guinea portion of the western Pacific Ocean has recently been temperature mapped utilizing cable pulled deep diving temperature probes. This research project found that this area is extremely warm portion of the Pacific Ocean.",,0_0
"A wind chill of minus-17 degrees greeted senior environmental officials from the United States, Canada, Europe, Japan and the South Pacific in Ottawa last Wednesday as they went behind closed doors for two days of talks to try to reignite burned-out negotiations to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Over the next week, more talks are expected in Oslo, Norway. The aim appears to be an agreement in time for French President Jacques Chirac's meeting with President Clinton when they meet in Washington Dec. 18.",,0_0
"Budiansky, Stephen. The Doomsday Myths,"" U.S. News and World Report, December 13, 1993, pp. 81-91.""",,0_0
"In line with environmentalist ideology and Democratic Party ideals, it's also expanding efforts to eliminate the last vestiges of drilling, mining, timber harvesting, ranching, farming and property inholdings (private lands allowed to remain within subsequently designated parks, wildlife refuges and wilderness areas) on government-controlled lands in America's western states and Alaska. Many call it cultural cleansing, to create private recreational domains for the rich and famous.",,0_0
The experts concluded that the recent increase in impacts from tropical cyclones (including hurricanes) has largely been caused by rising concentrations of population and infrastructure in coastal regions.,,1_7
January 2008 Environment & Climate News: Special Edition!,,0_0
"Calls for us to live sustainably,"" use wind and solar and biofuel power, and never use fossil fuels, are a demand that we accept prolonged starvation and death in our poor countries. They mean desperate people will do horrible things to survive, even just another day.""",,0_0
"The discovery comes from an analysis of plant productivity data from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASAs Terra satellite, combined with growing season climate variables including temperature, solar radiation and water. The plant and climate data are factored into an algorithm that describes constraints on plant growth at different geographical locations.",,0_0
"The Motion Picture Association of America has come out against net neutrality sort of. In its filing with the FCC late last week, the MPAA reminded the commission of the importance of content companies in driving new infrastructure technologies, and claims that protecting these content companies (i.e. forcing ISPs to filter out file-sharers) is vital for the future health of the internet. >>Liberty Week PodcastEpisode 67: Cash for Kids in Court",,0_0
His string of failed predictions were supported by the British Met offices sixty six million dollar (AU) computer modeling. They both incorrectly predicted 2009 would be one of the five warmest years ever. The world has just experienced two of the coldest and snowiest winters in decades.,,1_3
A generally non-mathematical presentation of scientific concepts and theories to appeal to a broad range of readers,,0_0
"Greenwashing is annoying but not often a public safety issue, except in Queensland where the police cannot fit all their gear into tiny hybrid cars .",,0_0
dH/dt = f T/lamda (1-1),,0_0
"Col. Cunningham led off the discussion by talking about the earth's geological history and fluctuating nature of carbon levels. He interjected interesting points taken from his experiences as an Apollo astronaut and urged the crowd to not just believe what they're being told, but to check the facts for themselves."" He included what he was telling them in that admonition.""",,0_0
NASA is constantly cooling the past and warming the present in order to make it appear that Hansens theories arent the miserable failure which they actually are.,,5_2
"The authors also offer a valuable and complete history of environmentalists' fraudulent global warming arguments, and they explain how there is a lack of scientific evidence available to support the claim humans are responsible for catastrophic global climate change. Moore and White also show how the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) misled the Supreme Court concerning the safety of carbon dioxide in order to get the Court to declare it a pollutant, which allows EPA to have the power to regulate it.",,5_2
"From the National Science Foundation , more nuttiness from the reef alarmist Ove Hugh-Goldbergs sea-buddy John Bruno, who I encountered in Brisbane last year .",,5_2
"In May, 2012 at WUWT, Paul Homewood led an interesting discussion on whether sea level rise accelerated during the recent decades when compared to the 20th century. He concludes that satellite measurements may be flawed.",,5_1
"There are no current indications that any similar patterns are set to affect Australia, Mr Fisher said.",,0_0
"Most of all though, we know that even if climate change is not the primary factor behind the current tragedy this humanitarian disaster and the seemingly intractable geopolitical challenges, nationalist tendencies, and crushing grief it invokes is precisely the kind of disaster security analysts expect to see worsen in a world afflicted by escalating climate change.",,0_0
"Bali followed this generic script. As Fiona Harvey and John Aglionby reported in the Financial Times: At last, the world had agreed to talk again about the shape of a new international framework to avert dangerous climate change.""",,0_0
"Tony Earley, CEO of DTE Energy, which owns Detroit Edison, said in a speech earlier this year, When I in 2002, my comments about nuclear energy were brief and pretty discouraging. I predicted that while most nuclear power plants would have their licenses renewed, no new nuclear power plants would be built in the U.S. to accommodate growing demand. Today, I'm here to tell you that I was dead wrong. ... DTE Energy has start ed work on preparing a license application for a new nuclear plant."" Earley cautioned, however, that the company still hasn't decided whether it will actually build the project, but rather is just ""preserving our option"" by starting the still ""long and complex"" licensing process now.""",,0_0
"The black line, on the other hand, is the change in downwelling radiation expected from the change in CO2 from 2000 to 2012, calculated at 21 W/m2 per doubling of CO2. As you might imagine because of its steady increase, there is little difference between the CO2 data and the CO2 trendline, so Ive left it off. For the same reason, there is virtually no error in the trend in downwelling radiation expected from CO2. The result is an expected increase in downwelling surface radiation of no less than 1.6 0.007 W/m2 per decade. Over the period of the CERES data, it totals almost 2 W/m2, which in terms of the precision of the individual CERES datasets should certainly be visible.",,0_0
"Heating the cloud reduces the relative humidity in the cloud, Jacobson said.",,0_0
Part 2 will continue where Part 1 left off. Denning and Lehr debate the final four clips from Al Gore's movie: 3) Melting ice will cause low-lying cities to disappear; 4) Polar bears are endangered because ice is their habitat; 4) Can this nation rise above itself and history to solve global warming?; 6) Global warming is casing rapid melting of ice on top Mt. Kilimanjaro in Africa.,,0_0
Climate Disasters: New Baylor Study Explores How People Respond,,0_0
"That position follows legal actions against ExxonMobil by attorneys general from California, Massachusetts, New York, and the Virgin Islands which demand that the company turn over decades of correspondence with a lengthy fishing trip listing of other suspected climate crisis skeptics.",,0_0
"We now know that the prospect of such answers seeing the light of day was clearly of great concern to the DoE. This raises the question of whether, by refusing to share information sought by the ranking Republican on the House Select Committee on Global Warming, Ms. Zoi lied to or misled a member of Congress exercising his legitimate oversight function.",,0_0
"Regular readers at any of the main climate change blogs will be aware that since about 1997 there has been nearly no global temperature rise. And they will know too, that this is despite atmospheric CO2 concentration continuing to rise. To date there are some 55 ideas to explain this slowdown in global warming. Some of the ???explanations?? presume the so-called ???greenhouse effect?? must still be increasing as the IPCC models calculate; it??s just that the heat has hidden elsewhere, maybe deep in the ocean.",,1_4
Heres his analysis (sic) where he struggles for the word satire:,,0_0
Dennis Avery (cgfi@hughes.net) is senior fellow for climate change issues at The Heartland Institute.,,0_0
"For people who want more action on global warming, an inconvenient truth has arisen over the last decade: Annual average temperatures stayed relatively flat globally and dropped in the United States and Oregon despite mankinds growing release of greenhouse gases.",,1_4
"Not long after I wrote the elusive post, Gavin Schmidt (current director of GISS) made a couple of curious statements in his blog post Absolute temperatures and relative anomalies at RealClimate. We discussed them in the post Interesting Post at RealClimate about Modeled Absolute Global SurfaceTemperatures . The statement by Gavin Schmidt that bears on this discussion (my boldface):",,0_0
"the ranges of TCR estimated from the observed warming and from AOGCMs agree well, increasing our confidence in the assessment of uncertainties in projections over the 21st century.",,0_0
"Eventually, other astronomers recalculate the asteroid?s path and find serious mistakes in the original work. They conclude that the likelihood of an impact any time in the next few centuries is minuscule. By this time, however, the ?stop asteroid impact? movement is highly popular among opinion leaders, and international consultations are well underway. The Bureau of Asteroid Deflection is fully funded, and money is pouring into science and engineering research establishments. Not surprisingly, the trajectory corrections are ignored.",,0_0
"Yet, the climate scientists who prepared the 5 th Assessment Report for the IPCC create illustrations like their SPM.10 (my Figure 1), which amusingly use climate models as proof that past global warming was caused by carbon dioxide emissions and that global temperatures will continue to warm in response to future CO2 emissions. The climate scientists unwavering belief that carbon dioxide drives global warming, despite the climate models clearly showing otherwise, is evidence of their delusions about CO2 or their need to misrepresent their models (for any number of reasons). Personally, I think its a combination of the two.",,2_3
"A recent study published by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences investigated sources of fugitive methane emissions in the Four Corners region in the southwestern United States and found 250 point sources of methane emissions. Researchers found 4966 percent of the methane escaping into the atmosphere came from only 10 percent of the point-source emitters. This is good news, because it means methane emissions can be cut by more than half by simply fixing the top 10 percent of leaking equipment.",,0_0
"Of the 124 studies that examined the issue of whether or not there was a Little Ice Age"" between 1300 and 1900 A.D. (which Soon and Baliunas believe we are still emerging from, providing a natural explanation for recent warming), 122 found evidence ""confirming the existence of the Little Ice Age.""",,2_1
"The maneuvering for the RNC vote bears consideration. Florida Governor Charlie Crist expressed a wish for Jim Greer, his state party's chair, to assume the national job as of January 2009. Like Crist, Greer is a moderate. Conservatives are prepared to push for an alternative, such as Michael Steele, the African-American former lieutenant governor of Maryland and media pundit.",,0_0
"When we include discouraged workers who have given up looking for jobs, and people who have been forced to work fewer hours or at temporary jobs, our unemployment rate is a whopping 19 percent and double that for black and Hispanic young people. America's labor force participation rate is at a 30-year low. Our nation's 2011 economic growth rate was a dismal 1.7 percent.",,0_0
"As an exercise, I located digital versions of the data used in the original Yule (1926) article Church of England marriages and mortality per 1000. I fitted the relationship in a calibration period and ended up with an RE statistic of 0.97.",,0_0
"Floods are notoriously difficult to predict, particularly flash floods. Coarse resolution global climate models do a dreary job of simulating the local distribution of rainfall events. Apart from the actual physics of precipitation and the complex interactions between the cloud microphysics and small scale turbulent and convective dynamics, getting the regional distribution of rainfall events depends on accurate simulation of the statistics of weather events, ENSO, blocking patterns, etc. Coarse resolution climate models do not do a particularly good job in simulating the dynamics that are relevant for formation of extreme precipitation events.",,5_1
"The most intense hurricane in US history occurred in 1935, and seven of the ten most intense hurricanes occurred below 350 ppm. It has been seven years since a major hurricane hit the US the longest period on record.",,1_7
Horrors! Now an Aussie Scientist Doubts the Climate Doomsayers,,0_0
Environmentalists (or mainstream Americans) wont suddenly vote Republican because theres a carbon tax. They wont accept the development of Canadas oil sands because there is a carbon tax. They wont suddenly accept Keystone XL because there is a carbon tax.,,0_0
"Now its necessary to scrutinize the figure very carefully. Looking across the wavelength scale at the bottom, H 2 O absorbs strongly in the 3-micron region, and again between 5 and 7 microns; then it absorbs to some degree beyond about 12 microns. CO 2 has absorption bands centered around 2.5 microns, 4.3 microns, and has a broad band out beyond 13 microns. Consequently, CO 2 adds a small contribution to the greenhouse effect. Notice that sometimes CO 2 bands overlap with H 2 O bands, and with vastly more H 2 O present, CO 2 doesnt matter in those bands.",,2_3
"As the air's CO 2 concentration continues to rise, it is likely this dwarf apple species will exhibit significant increases in both photosynthesis and apple production. And if air temperatures also rise, photosynthetic rates will likely be even greater, due to the positive interaction between elevated CO 2 and temperature plus the large CO 2 -induced increase in the optimal temperature for photosynthesis in this species. Thus, apple yields should substantially increase in a future CO 2 -enriched environment, especially if air temperature rises a few degrees.",,3_3
"In his book, Climate Change: A Natural Hazard, William Kininmonth, former head of Australia?s National Climate Centre says, ?The simple one-dimensional energy balance model used by the IPCC to justify its radiative forcing hypothesis is unrealistic in its portrayal of processes at the earth-atmosphere interface.? The IPCC model suggests that the heat and latent energy exchange between the underlying surface and the atmosphere is a direct response to the imbalance of solar energy and terrestrial radiation at the surface. Such a proposal is at odds with the physics of the surface energy exchange processes.? It?s one of many errors made to achieve a result; actions that are the opposite of even poor science.",,5_1
"After one year of treatment exposure, there were no significant effects of the extra 200 ppm of CO 2 or ozone on apparent tree volume. After two and three years, however, elevated CO 2 increased apparent tree volume by 22 and 28%, respectively, while elevated ozone reduced it by 26% in each of those years. Although elevated CO 2 did not completely alleviate the negative affects of ozone on apparent tree volume, CO 2 -enriched trees that were simultaneously exposed to elevated ozone concentrations exhibited apparent volumes that were still 6 and 19% greater than volumes displayed by trees subjected to ambient CO 2 and elevated ozone concentrations in the second and third years of the study, respectively. What it means",,3_3
"In his hit-and-run speech, delivered hours before leaving the country, President Obama issued a directive for the EPA, instructing them to begin drafting new rules governing emissions from power plants. Current EPA regulations are already closing coal-fueled power plants at an alarming ratewhich New Mexico Public Regulations Commissioner Pat Lyons calls the real energy crisis that no one is talking about.""",,4_1
CNatFluct I believe that the climate is always changing and what we are currently observing is just natural fluctuation. (R),,2_1
"Today, the clearest example of the risks arising from the scientific-technocratic elite is the global warming debate. Consider the career trajectory of one of the leading climate alarmists, Penn State climatologist Michael Mann, who was implicated in the 2009 ClimateGate"" scandal, when leaked emails from a British university showed some of the world's leading climatologists discussing how to manipulate data and suppress studies that contradicted their work. Far from being a rogue actor outside the scientific mainstream, Dr. Mann has served as principal or co-principal investigator on research projects funded by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, the U.S. Agency for International Development, and the Office of Naval Research.""",,5_2
"Its a canard of climate science that increasing atmospheric CO 2 from 390PPM to 780PPM will raise the earths surface temperature by about 1C (expanded to 3C by positive feedbacks). From my way of thinking, the only thing CO 2 can do is increase coupling to spaceit certainly cant store or trap energy or increase the earths peak or 24-hour average temperature.",,2_3
"Now, as to the second piece of trash you mention, written by a grad student and Steven Schneider, that is so hopelessly flawed that even several warmists condemned it. It's all over the blogosphere if you care to read the details. BTW that paper was NOT peer-reviewed. PNAS is a vanity press for members of the NAS and publishes articles from NAS members WITHOUT peer review. PNAS is becoming a laughing stock with this paper and the recent Oppenheimer paper telling us climate change"" is going to flood the US with illegal aliens.""",,0_0
"The adaptation measures being taken in Mitradanga are fascinating; not only are they effective, but they actually make sense in context of the local culture. The rest of the world can learn something from Bangladesh.",,0_0
"I f we'd had a warming due to CO2, this should appear as a deviation from the simple harmonic model since 1950.There are no signs of any additional heating due to CO2 as IPCC claims in their reports also CO2 effects of climate models for the IPCC based are exaggerated.The net effect of CO2 is thus so modest that it can not be seen in this data.",,2_3
"Atlantis' last flight is a sad day for those who believe in America's greatness and a happy day for those who welcome America's decline. Arthur Herman""",,0_0
"Meanwhile, correspondent Black tries to convince us that the majority of Himalayan glaciers are growing. Late last year, says Black, the Kathmandu-based International Centre for Integrated Mountain Development (Icimod) released data showing that across 10 regularly studied glaciers, the rate of ice loss had doubled since the 1980s.",,1_1
Thoroughly debunks the claim that temperatures on the planet today are in any way historic or unprecedented.,,0_0
"This past summer was one of the coolest on record in the US. There is no drought in the midwest, and only a complete imbecile would believe that cold is caused by heat.",,1_3
"3) Haven?t Global Temperatures Risen Before? Yes. In the longer term, say hundreds to thousands of years, there is considerable indirect, proxy evidence (not from thermometers) of both warming and cooling. Since humankind can?t be responsible for these early events, this is evidence that nature can cause warming and cooling. If that is the case, it then opens up the possibility that some (or most) of the warming in the last 50 years has been natural, too. While many geologists like to point to much larger temperature changes are believed to have occurred over millions of years, I am unconvinced that this tells us anything of use for understanding how humans might influence climate on time scales of 10 to 100 years.",,2_1
Are you telling me my house now gets hotter than it it would 20 years ago because there??s now more carbon dioxide in it?,,2_3
300 Scientists Request Explanation for Temperature Shenanigans,,0_0
"Dueling Claims About How Global Warming Affects Winters: The IPCC says global warming makes winter mild with less snow' ""Milder winter temps will decrease heavy snowstorms' ""Settled science also tells us global warming makes winter cold and snowy in the US Climatologist Dr. Roy Spencer Mocks Gore: OMG! ANOTHER GLOBAL WARMING SNOWSTORM!! ""Gore has caused the spread of more pseudo-scientific incompetence on the subject of global warming than any climate scientist could possibly have ever accomplished No serious climate researcher ? including the ones I disagree with ? believes global warming can cause colder weather. Unless they have become delusional as a result of some sort of mental illness'""",,5_2
"38 R. A. Kerr, Greenhouse Forecasting Still Cloudy, Science 276, 1041 (1997). Even these assessments are highly optimistic because the necessary observing systems with demonstrated capabilities to detect the climate effect of increasing anthropogenic CO2 are not yet in place.",,5_1
none of our work is propaganda. More than 100 academics and 150 elected officials participate in our research and education programs.,,0_0
So let me declare now that in no way would I want to upset those who have worked for years in the climate Skeptic cause. However we have to admit that we have made scarcely a dent on the public mind on the public conception.,,0_0
"Worth far more mockery is a much older TV appearance. Viewer warning, the clip below features unedited hippies in a commune-type environment listening to a younger Suzuki talking, well, balls.",,0_0
"One of the key assumptions in the general circulation models (which are the basis for the IPCC's global warming predictions) relates to the sensitivity of climate to changes in the amount of energy reaching the earth. The models currently assume that every Watt per meter squared (W/m2) of energy added to the earth will cause the temperature to rise by .55 C. A doubling of atmospheric carbon dioxide, according to the model assumptions, will add 4.5 Watts per meter squared (W/m2) of energy to the earth causing the temperature to rise by 2.5 C. This is the basis for model projections.",,0_0
"That Real Climate (RC) should feel special solicitude for the Hockey Stick is no accident, comrade. Two of the five principals at RC -- Michael Mann and Raymond Bradley -- were among the three researchers (Mann, Bradley, and Malcolm Hughes) who authored the Hockey Stick.",,5_2
"Require congressional approval for major regulations. A number of major regulations in addition to the Obama Administration's climate change regulations threaten natural resource development in the United States. Two of the most threatening are the EPA's proposed Waters of the United States (WOTUS) and more stringent ozone standards. The WOTUS rule is an attack on private property rights and would significantly limit land use, including energy production. More stringent ozone standards would choke off energy and economic development throughout the country and could become the most expensive regulation in history. America needs a check on unelected bureaucrats. Congress should require congressional approval of new major regulations issued by agencies.",,4_1
"Last summer, the mainstream media breathlessly reported that a brief 4-day surface melt over the Greenland ice sheet represented evidence of man-made global warming. However, a paper published today in The Cryosphere finds that  the recent warmer summers over cannot be considered as a long-term climate warming but are more a consequence of variability affecting atmospheric heat transport."" In other words, the brief Greenland surface melt was related to natural variability rather than alleged man-made global warming.""",,2_1
"Perhaps 2012 will turn out to be worse than 1886, when the US was hit by seven hurricanes including two major hurricanes.",,1_7
"But it is worse than it seems. Since 1990, sea level in North Carolina has been rising at less than half amillimetreper year. If the post-1990 trend continued, North Carolina would see less than two inches of sea level rise by the year 2100.",,1_6
Limbaugh describes this process as the aristocracy circling the wagons:,,0_0
"I'm now back home, having had an interesting couple of days in London.",,0_0
"It is entirely appropriate, at this time in U.S. history, to re-examine the rules and regulations known to be ineffective or damaging to the manufacturing sector of the country's economy. EPA's recommendations and the Bush administration's Clear Skies Initiative are good places to start, but they do not mark the end of the need for reform.",,0_0
Climate models failings with respect to ENSOtheir failures to properly simulate of El Nio- and La Nia-related processeshave been known for years. See Guilyardi et al. (2009) and Bellenger et al (2012) . It is very difficult to find a portionany portionof El Nio and La Nia processes that the models simulate properly.,,5_1
"\] Here, \(\rho\) is the density matrix. In a basis where \(\rho\) is diagonal, the formula directly reduces to the classical one. In this sense, the new aspect of information in quantum mechanics is that the state vector (or density matrix) may be sliced in many inequivalent ways by measuring one set of mutually commuting observables; or another set of mutually commuting observables that however refuse to commute with those in the first set.",,0_0
"Chump, however, is the word that comes to mind when one looks closer at that op-ed. At one point the learned authors say, According to a United Nations' study, every ton of greenhouse gas emitted into the atmosphere costs each American up to $160and we are emitting billions of tons each year."" When you're saying things like that, it helps to do the math to see if the statement passes the laugh test. This one doesn't. The United States produces well over five billion tons of CO2 alone every year. At $160 per ton, this means that the total cost is $800,000,000,000 each year, which is more than the gross domestic product of every state except California. To say the least, this seems unlikely. And this is the charitable interpretation of what they said. It could be read as implying that greenhouse-gas emissions cost each American that sumall 280 million of us.""",,0_0
"/s/ Dr. George Mueller Hdq., Assoc. Adm., Office of Space Flight, 6 years",,0_0
"Matt Melchiorre: But what the Germans don't have are rigid teachers' unions that prevent good teachers from being rewarded and bad teachers from getting fired. The Germans also don't rely on organized labor in education to support their government, as Mr. Obama does. This line must have been a joke. Mr. Obama will never bite the hand that feeds.",,0_0
"Congress plans to spend $550 million to buy eight jets, a substantial upgrade to the fleet used by federal officials at a time when lawmakers have criticized the use of corporate jets by companies receiving taxpayer funds.",,0_0
"This last applies to the sun (and the wind), the ultimate source of ???renewable?? energy. The vast majority of sunlight does not provide usable energy given any known technology . True, through photovoltaic conversion, a solar panel in most places can generate an electrical current of some magnitude. But who cares? A hurricane produces many h-bombs worth of mechanical energy???does that make it an energy resource? Not if it can??t be harnessed in a manner that provides the cheap, reliable power that we can use to meet our present and future needs. In the vast majority of cases, solar conversion technology can??t, the energy collected is too dilute and intermittent to be a useful source of large-scale energy.",,4_4
"Last's informative and crisply argued book strives to let hope have the last word."" Yet his documentation of our self-absorbed commitment to our own pleasure and comfort, both of which child-bearing interferes with, and our indifference to the world that will come after us, suggests that for ""a deeply unserious people,"" as Last calls us, change will not come until the costly wages of our selfishness become manifest.""",,0_0
"Adaptation is an effective means of reducing climate related damages. The benefit-cost ratios of adaptation expenditure are larger than one in all scenarios, and for high and low climate damages and discount rates. Nonetheless, benefit cost ratios, and consequently global welfare, are even larger when adaptation and mitigation are implemented jointly. Even though a clear trade-off between adaptation and mitigation has been quantified, they are strategic complements and both contribute to a better control of climate damages. Mitigation prevails in the short-run and/or if the discount rate is low.",,0_0
Australias antarctic runway melting | Border Chronicle,,0_0
"Let's take a closer look at the average U.S. temperature in July, 2009, also from the NOAA website:",,0_0
Many Americans are already smoking the equivalent of a pack a day.,,0_0
This was accomplished by throwing out global-coverage satellite-sensed sea surface measurements taken since the late 1970s the best data available and upwardly adjusting spotty and unreliable hit-and-miss temperature readings taken from ocean-going vessels which present well-recognized problems.,,5_1
"Current policies plainly have the unintended consequences of discouraging worthwhile investments and maintenance activities that would benefit companies and consumers as well as the environment. Many of these investments and activities were once correctly understood to be outside the scope of NSR, and ought once again be put beyond NSR's reach.",,0_0
"climates, especially at regional scales. We conclude by discussing the value of",,0_0
But while the diplomatic success traces to the Obamian style of U.S.,,0_0
"Piltz simply dismisses the Journal's charge of Sens. Rockefeller and Snowe acting as bullies"" in admonishing ExxonMobil to stop funding groups that disagree with their climate change agenda. Why? He gives no reason -- even though these are government officials initiating communications with a private party while brandishing their government credentials. The letter is published on Snowe's official government website, with a press release with headline (all-caps in the original) and subhead (emphasis added):""",,0_0
"At this point in the solar cycle the sun should be a hive of activity, popping off flares and dotted with sunspots.",,0_0
"The Sierra Club doesn't want to see the U.S. benefit from coal, oil, and natural gas. It wants to see the landmass filled with solar farms and thousands of wind turbines that would not produce enough electricity to meet the needs of nation, let alone a major city. Because they are unpredictable, all require the backup of traditional plants.",,4_4
"In fact, it is almost certain that the wind-generated electricity cost more when the consumer payments, taxpayer subsidies, and the cost of the backup gas generation are added together. There is no doubt that it cost significantly more to generate electricity from wind than from natural gas .",,4_4
RMS residual error 0.17 0.26 C,,0_0
"Steve Janke a.k.a. Angry"" is currently under siege for his coverage of a member of Paul Martin's inner circle. Please consider hitting Angry's tip jar to help defray his legal costs.""",,0_0
"These estimates are also always in flux. For example, in 1980, the United States was thought to have roughly 30 billion barrels of oil reserves. Over the subsequent 30 years, the U.S. produced nearly 80 billion barrels.",,0_0
"He's fighting Proposition 23 because he says we should use less fossil fuel, notes the film. ""But if Cameron succeeds, it will mean higher prices and job losses."" It proceeds to quote a recent newspaper interview in which he discussed global warming, telling a reporter that ""we are going to have to live with less"". The camera then cuts to aerial footage of the three adjacent homes that Cameron inhabits in the hills of Malibu. Although they each have heated swimming pools, and together boast more than 24,000 sq ft of living space, the properties have not a single energy-saving solar panel or windmill between them. ""He also owns a 100-acre ranch in Santa Barbara, a JetRanger helicopter, three Harleys, a Corvette, a Ducati, a Ford GT, a collection of dirt bikes, a yacht, a Humvee fire truck, and a fleet of submarines,"" continues the narrator. ""And yet he demands WE live with less? James Cameron: HYPOCRITE.""",,5_2
"On adjustments: For example, simply shifting from liquid-in-glass thermometers to electronic maximum-minimum temperature systems led to an average drop in maximum temperatures of about 0.4C and to an average rise in minimum temperatures of 0.3C. In addition, observers switched their time of observation afternoon to morning. Both of these changes would tend to artificially cool the U.S. temperature record.",,5_1
"The boys have been inculcated in Aztec and Hard Green ideology from birth. As EG members, they're dedicated to educating"" other children about ""sustainability,"" ""dangerous climate change"" and ""earth-friendly"" renewable energy. In an era when too many babies are having babies, it's not surprising that children are indoctrinating children. Not surprising, but not beneficial either.""",,0_0
Im presently wandering my way through other states. First stop after Washington was Oregon. This is a live map so will change over time. But its the same pattern as Washington.,,0_0
"After years of testifying before administrative agencies and lobbying in legislatures with disappointing results, many climate activists see the courts as their last best hope. Over the past few years, lawsuits have been filed in almost every American state and in many foreign countries asserting that the judiciary has the authority and the responsibility to order the executive and legislative branches of government to take more aggressive actions to combat climate change.",,0_0
"In most fields of science, people would be laughed out of the room for making adjustments to the data which consistently support the authors well known bias. Nevertheless, we see this going on at USHCN and GISS. The effect of these adjustments is that the data is rotated counter-clockwise, as seen in video below for Laurel, Mississippi.",,5_1
"The Earth had passed through warming and cooling cycles for billions of years before humans even existed, yet we are told that the generation of carbon dioxide through the use of machinery in manufacturing, transportation or any other use is causing the build-up of greenhouse gases"" in the atmosphere. We are told to give up the use of coal, oil and natural gas. That is a definition of insanity!""",,0_0
But in what could be a disconcerting harbinger for the 2010 melt season about to reach its low point during the next three to four weeks the ice thickness measured by Polarstern scientists this summer is almost exactly the same as measurements taken in the central Arctic in 2007.,,1_1
the financial crisis. We did not have a housing bubble collapse because we don't,,0_0
"In his June 26, 1997 address before the United Nations President Clinton defended his environmental record, citing several successes"" such as toxic dump cleanup and his recent decision to implement new air quality standards.""",,0_0
"For many reasons, Keyness eminently sensible idea never caught on and instead, around the same time his book was published, probability theory bifurcated into two antithetical paths. The first was called frequentism : probability was defined to be that number which is the ratio of experiments in which A will be true divided by the total numbers of experiments as that number of experiments goes to infinity 1 . This definition makes it difficult (an academic word meaning impossible ) to answer what is the probability that Joe , our Joe, likes Butterfingers. It also makes it difficult to define the probability for any event or events that are constrained to occur less than an infinite number of times (so far, this is all events that I know of).",,0_0
"Take the current (!) financial crisis as an example. Many of the banks and brokerages failed to both define the events that are now happening, and they extent of the cost of those events. How much will it cost to clean it up? Nobody knows. This is the proper answer. We might be able to bound itmore than half a billion, sayand that might be the best anybody can say (except that I have been asked to pay for it).",,0_0
"Hereward Corley pointed out that the reference to Shaviv (2008) should have been Shaviv (2005). Nir Shaviv another genius of a mathematician had originally sent me the paper saying it was from 2008, but the version he sent was an undated pre-publication copy. Mr. Corley also kindly supplied half a dozen further papers that determine climate sensitivity empirically. Most of the papers find it low, and all find it below the IPCCs estimates. The papers are Chylek & Lohman (2008); Douglass & Knox (2005); Gregory et al. (2002); Hoffert & Covey (1992); Idso (1998); and Loehle & Scafetta (2011).",,3_1
"BAZELL: How do they know? Dr. Michael Mann and his team analyze human historical recordstree rings, glaciers, and all sorts of other evidence from as far back as the year 1400. Their conclusion: The earth has never been as warm as it is now. The reason: We burn things. And everything we burn from a match, to gasoline for cars, to coal for plants that generate electricity, pours the invisible gas carbon dioxide into the atmosphere, where it traps the suns heat, the greenhouse effect.",,0_0
"Liberalism and environmentalism have only been strongly connected for about 40 years. Franklin D. Roosevelt had no particular fondness for pristine wilderness. He boasted proudly of the dams he built and proclaimed proudly, at the dedication of the Hoover Dam (then called the Boulder Dam), that humans were altering the geography of a whole region"" that had previously been ""cactus-covered waste."" In the 19th century, Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels disagreed vehemently with the original population doomsayer Thomas Malthus. Sounding much like modern population control critic Julian Simon, Engels wrote that ""it is ridiculous to speak of overpopulation,"" because the progress of ""science is just as limitless and at least as rapid as that of population.""",,0_0
America's actual health and welfare crisis,,0_0
"In our Editorial of 18 Aug 2004 , we describe the recent boost given by two important studies to the concept of symbiont shuffling , whereby successive episodes of the high-temperature-induced bleaching of corals lead to their being repopulated with species or subspecies of zooxanthellae that are ever more tolerant of high temperatures, which makes successive incarnations of coral reefs ever more resistant to new occurrences of warming-induced bleaching and more resilient in terms of their rate of recovery. What was done",,3_2
"Robert Bradley, CEO and founder of the Institute for Energy Research, said: BP put form over substance and took their eye off the ball."" Bradley called ""Beyond Petroleum"" ""a failed corporate strategy . BP went after an environmental fad, basked in the glow of the Left environmental movement, and now may have destroyed itself in the process.""",,0_0
"3) Hydro is obviously pretty much fixed, and the general impression is that there is little scope for much more onshore wind, so I have assumed an increase in capacity from the current 8GW to 10GW.",,0_0
"As of this writing, environmental nonprofits are funding two green advertising campaigns with a national scope. One, titled Red Carriage,"" is paid for by the American Lung Association. The other, ""What if Polluter Lobbyists in Washington Were Replaced with Asthmatic Children,"" is a joint production by the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council. Both ads feature babies or toddlers in distress. In ""Red Carriage,"" it's a coughing baby; in the Sierra Club/NRDC ad, it's children with inhalers strapped to their faces. Each ad insinuates that a vote to ""gut"" or ""weaken"" the Clean Air Act is akin to inflicting harm on children. In each case, the accusation is entirely without merit. Unfortunately, these two ads reveal the environmentalist movement's public relations strategy. It is now standard operating procedure for green groups to produce ads that associate jarring imagery of suffering children with a vote in Congress to rein in the Environmental Protection Agency.""",,0_0
"So it can be expected that in two or three hundred years all the Christian debate about allowing homosexuals as bishops, or in a Church at all could be seen as a giant waste of time , as puzzling as early-Church discussions of the existence of a soul in a womans body.",,0_0
"The facts of population decline are dramatic. Women must average a total fertility rate (TFR) of 2.1 children apiece for populations to remain stable. But across the developed world, and increasingly everywhere else, fertility is quickly declining below this number: All First World countries are already below the 2.1 line,"" Last writes, and the rates of decline among Third World countries ""are, in most cases, even steeper than in the First World.""",,0_0
America Can't Afford to Be Lost in Space,,0_0
"Kate Sinding, a lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council, said propane fracking to extract natural gas did not exist at the time of the 1992 statement, which refers only to propane being pumped into underground storage.",,0_0
"To show how wrong Murphy had been, Pederson presented a PowerPoint slide showing that, contrary to Murphy's column, July 2009 was quite hot in most of the planet, and suggestedto audience laughterthat Murphy was foolishly guilty of assuming the weather in Toronto represented the world. Below is the map Pederson used, from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) website.",,0_0
"So far this Winter Season (December 1st through January 26th) of 2013-2014, International Falls ranks as the 3rd coldest on record.",,1_3
"The most the furnace could do is heat the air to the temperature of the fire inside it, and no insulation will make this temperature higher, because the temperature of the fire is determined by the flux density of the energy release from the combustion of natural gas. You cant make this combustive release of energy hotter by reflecting or trapping its own energy on itself the maximum temperature is determined by the source supply of energy, coming from a chemical reaction (natural gas oxidation).",,0_0
"If your engine needs to deliver energy output at a certain level, the ethanol biofuel mandate is actually diminishing the available energy output from the ethanol-type fuel. The reason is easy to understand: both bio-ethanol and bio-diesel are, energetically speaking, already partly combusted hydrocarbons. Therefore, they cannot possibly deliver the same amount of energy as un-combusted fuel. Your fuel consumption will increase to compensate for that. Even if that were not a critical issue, ethanol in fuel can cause other problems in your vehicle.",,4_4
"In these two short videos, Dyson makes the case for adaptation as a primary response to climate change (I make my own case here at AEI, and made it back in 1998 here at Reason), but what I particularly like is his slap down on climate forecasting (at 2:58 in the first video clip):",,0_0
"According to the DC, the Keystone pipeline is: A minor concern when compared to the potential regulatory onslaught that Podesta could unleash from within the White House""about which the WFB coined the term ""Regicide.""",,0_0
> >> >>Attachment Converted: c:\eudora\attach\climatic variability,,0_0
"The gist of this propaganda piece is that anthropogenic CO2 causes global warming, which heats the oceans and causes thermal expansion. Along with melting glaciers, the hotter oceans cause sea level rise. And the SLR is the coastal flooding projections from the Union of Concerned Scientists . Not very original, but if you are just inundated with bad news, any old projection will do. The UCS projection doesnt even start with actual flooding, because there really hasnt been enough to have an almost zero start point. None of these climate expert worriers seem to be aware that the rate of sea level rise has been constant for about 150 years.",,1_6
"To back up their objections, many environmental pressure groups generally have large budgets and huge teams of lawyers. One group boasted of having 75 lawyers working on a measure in California.",,0_0
"At the very end, about 27 minutes, they find web sites with creation dates prior to the event as memorials",,0_0
Germany urges users to ditch Internet Explorer,,0_0
Weaver Suggests Buddy Review for Mann et al 2005,,0_0
The Bush-Blair doctrine of eliminating the risk of terrorists seems instead to have unleashed a horrific and savage Islamic movement that has capitalised on the chaos and power vacuum left in their wake.,,0_0
"Americas chemical companies use ethane, a natural gas liquid derived from shale gas, as a feedstock in numerous applications. Its relatively low price gives U.S. manufacturers an advantage over many competitors around the world that rely on naphtha, a more expensive, oil-based feedstock. Growth in domestic shale gas production is helping to reduce U.S. natural gas prices and create a more stable supply of natural gas and ethane.",,4_5
"In this ongoing weaponization of the UN against the West, China has not remained passive: beyond the OIC and NAM proper, the largest group in the UN happens to be the G-77 + China,"" i.e., 132 countries representing 69 percent of UN members. China's UN dues may be 2 percent of the UN budget, but Chinese activism in the past decade has spectacularly increased in recent years.36 It is reportedly under Chinese pressure that the US was evicted from the Human Rights Commission in 2001 to make room for Arab dictatorships.""",,0_0
"Though the Obama Administration is forcefully pushing its carbon regulations, the quantitative basis for these rules, the social cost of carbon (SCC) is fundamentally flawed. Quantitative measures of CO2 policy, such as the likely impact on world temperatures, provide little support for any of the policies offered to date. Ignoring this evidence, the Obama Administration appears resolute in its stance to promote its policy goals even at the detriment of those adversely impacted by these misguided policies.",,4_1
"Unfortunately at the Schwarzheide SeeCampus school in Niederlausitz, the climate systemin the school building doesnt work like the architectural models thought it would. According to the Lausitzer Rundschau:",,0_0
Here is the basic assumption and aim of the study. Consider exactly what their basic premise implies:,,0_0
"It was 58 degrees today in Pecos, Texas. On this date in 1972 (peak year of the ice age scare) it was 100 degrees.",,1_3
"The IEA's suggested target for China of 8.4 billion tonnes of CO2 per year by 2020, which would then fall, is in line with most other research for a safe peak, said Michel den Elzen at the Netherlands Environmental Assessment Agency.",,0_0
"As a student of the IPCC since December 2009 (yes I was defending the IPCC until that point), Ive looked at many of these issues myself. Ive made some of the same points raised in this book. Here are some comments on passages from the text that struck me in some way, and provide a flavor of the parts of the book that I think are most significant:",,0_0
"The three Finnish researchers report that higher production temperature induced a positive maternal effect resulting in faster hatching and indicating that the mothers can invest more in their eggs, and therefore produce better quality eggs."" In addition, they further note, in this regard, that the similar studies of Karell et al . (2008) and Jonasdottir et al . (2009) showed how ""the egg quality in terms of maternal immunological or nutritional provisioning improved,"" and they suggest that this phenomenon may explain ""the declining effect of pH difference on egg hatching."" What it means""",,3_2
"The glaciers in the Himalayas are receding faster than in any other part of the world and, if the present rate continues, a large number of them may disappear by 2035 because of climate change. Such was the lede of one of countless articles about how 1.3 billion Asians were in imminent danger of first flooding and then drought. And that's not to mention the certain extinction of the abominable snowman.""",,0_0
The most prominent of these are the Pacific Decadal Oscillation (PDO) and the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation (AMO).,,0_0
"And who is George Lucier? Hes a senior bureaucrat who has spent 28 years as a ward of the taxpayers at the National Institute for environmental Health Sciences. His only awards are from the federal agency that employs him. He is a toxicologist, and there is no reason to think he knows as much about the science of global warming as Seitz.",,0_0
"It was a hot July afternoon 38 years ago, nearly 92 degrees, when Teamsters president and labor icon Jimmy Hoffa is said to have opened the rear door of a 1975 maroon Mercury in the parking lot of the Machus Red Fox restaurant, in Bloomfield Hills, Mich., and climbed in.",,0_0
"If Nir Shavivs peer reviewed paper (JGR) on using the oceans as a calorimeter is near the mark, the ~0.25W/m^2 increase in TSI since 1749 gets amplified to ~2W/m^2 (probably via the Svensmark effect of cosmic rays on cloud nucleation, which is solar modulated) and this is enough to explain most of the warming since the LIA, allowing for greater oceanic energy emission as SST rises. Bigger variations in UV may well account for atmospheric chemistry changes to ozone which will modulate the curve.",,2_1
"But, everyone already knows this, as we demonstrated the non-impact of U.S. emissions reduction efforts in Part I and Part II of our analysis of last summer?s Waxman-Markey offering. And as far as the global warming goes, Kerry-Lieberman?s The American Power Act of 2010 is similar to Waxman-Markey?s American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009.",,0_0
"As I said to Andy Revkin (and he published on his blog), the additional decade of temperature data from 2000 onwards (even the AR4 estimates typically ignored the post-2000 years) can only work to reduce estimates of sensitivity, and that??s before we even consider the reduction in estimates of negative aerosol forcing, and additional forcing from black carbon (the latter being very new, is not included in any calculations AIUI). It??s increasingly difficult to reconcile a high climate sensitivity (say over 4C) with the observational evidence for the planetary energy balance over the industrial era.",,3_1
"Threats to U.S. sovereignty are both imminent and long-term. They have varying characteristics, and they are often not necessarily immediately obvious as threats. One element that runs through many of them, however, is the concept of international norming,"" the idea that America should base its policies on the global consensus rather than making our own decisions as a constitutional democracy. ""Norming"" is a way to constrain U.S. sovereignty by moving our domestic political debate to align with broader international opinion.""",,0_0
"Major corporations profiting from Obama policies are bankrolling President Obama's official inaugural committee. While we know the names of the donors to Obama's inaugural, we don't know much more, because Obama is once again trampling his promises of transparency.",,0_0
"The biases in the AOGCM forcings are generally largest at the surface level. For five out of seven surface shortwave forcings and four out of seven surface longwave forcings, differences between the mean AOGCM and LBL calculations are statistically significant. In addition, the largest biases in the shortwave and longwave forcings from all seven experiments occur at the surface layer.The reasonable accuracy of AOGCM forcings at TOM and the significant biases at the surface together imply that the effects of increased WMGHGs on the radiative convergence of the atmosphere are not accurately simulated.? .",,5_1
"Where is the test of the hypothesis that sulfates are indeed responsible for the lack of warming? In this paper, it?s simply ?modeled-in? as it fits the data well. That?s correlation, not causation.",,0_0
Global Warming Not Happening Global Cooling Is Real And Now,,1_2
I present asthma and air pollution trends for California in slide 10 of the following presentation: http://www.joelschwartz.com/pdfs/AWMA Bakersfield 4 05.pdf.,,0_0
"Also, Mr Killion pointed out that much of Chinas manufacturing output was driven by the Chinese subsidiaries of US companies and was based around US-derived technologies, especially in fields such as electronics. Keeping score in a complex world is fraught with challenges.",,0_0
"Markey has actually called for the construction of new pipelines to bring gas from Pennsylvania but its falling on deaf ears in the natural gas industry, which has been the focus of his relentless attacks for years. Such are the real-life consequences of anti-shale gas politics.",,4_5
"Under this approach, an OMB Office of Information and Spending Affairs would request each agency to indicate the costs"" and ""benefits"" of their various expenditure programs. Smart agencies would soon report glowingly high benefit/cost (B/C) ratios. Imagine further that OMB were to argue that many of the expenditure programs were in areas where markets were lacking (defense and national parks) or weak (welfare and highway development) and that, therefore, in those areas, the agencies would be allowed to assert a whole array of non-use values (existence values, contingent valuation) to ensure a ""balanced"" B/C analysis. Would OMB be able to credibly argue against any spending decision?""",,0_0
"Almost seven years have passed since Florida was hit by a hurricane, the longest such period on record. Florida averages almost one hurricane per year. During the 1870s, Florida was hit by 12 hurricanes.",,1_7
"The poison at issue is mercury, but industrial mercury emissions in the air aren't a direct threat to humans; rather, they settle onto bodies of water and then make their way up the aquatic food chain. Because mercury is a neurotoxin, the fear is that pregnant women can engender developmental disorders in their fetuses by eating fish that have accumulated mercury. Therefore, the EPA identifies pregnant women as the population at highest risk from U.S. power plant mercury emissions.",,0_0
"The non-medical example involves bridgethe card game, not a structure over water.Bridge is to cards as chess is to board games. To play bridge well, one must be able to draw inferences from both the bidding and the play of your partner and your opponents. You have to formulate a plan in order to make or defeat a contract and you may have to modify this plan as the play of the cards unfolds. There are many close decisions to be made during the course of a hand and using ones judgment as to the best alternatives is crucial. No two hands are exactly the same and this is why devotees of the game find it so fascinating.",,0_0
"It's surprising that Vongehr, a trained physicist whom I know from TASI-99 in Colorado (but I don't really remember him well), decided to argue against reductionism but I have already reduced this surprising attitude to Vongehr's Maoism (which brought us another piece of evidence in favor of reductionism).",,0_0
"Rising demand in China and India will push coal past oil as the two Asian powerhouses will need to rely on the comparatively cheaper fuel to power their economies. Coal demand in the United States, Europe and the rest of Asia will hold steady.",,0_0
"In a statement, a Plevin and Sons spokesman said the firm expected the situation to be fully resolved as soon as possible"".""",,0_0
"Not that these studio meteorologists were making the elementary mistake of confounding weather with climate, for this is a distinction familiar now even to kindergartners.",,0_0
Data published on U of Colorado website in 2004 shown in blue. Same data after 9 years of adjustments published on same website today shown in red. The slope of the same 1992-2004 data has somehow increased by 34% over the past 9 years.,,0_0
2 Observations and Global Climate Models. in press Journal of Climate,,0_0
"I am sure that by now, all of you are aware of the hacking incident which recently took place at the University of East Anglias Climatic Research Unit (CRU). This was a criminal act. Over 3,000 emails and documents were stolen. The identity of the hacker or hackers is still unknown.",,0_0
"The Obama Environmental Protection Agency and environmental activists frequently claim that climate change will disproportionately affect poor and minority communities. In their view, this justifies unprecedented environmental regulations, like EPA's pending Clean Power Plan"" (CPP) to reduce carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions from coal and gas-fueled power plants 30% by 2030.""",,0_0
"In the following three graphs, were comparing data for the evolution of the 2014/15 El Nio so far (through month-to-date August 2014) with the data for the evolutions of the 1982/83 and 1997/98 El Nios. The Warm Water Volume data are the top graphs and the depth-averaged temperature data are the bottom graphs. As youll see, the curves of two datasets are similar.",,0_0
"While the financial markets and economists were impressed with the size and generosity of official support for Greece, there was much less confidence that private investors will take enough of a hit to make its debt sustainable in the medium term.",,0_0
"Temperatures could start to rise again as we continue to add CO 2 to the atmosphere or they could fall as suggested by the present weak solar activity. Many climatologists are trying to address the issues described here to give us a better understanding of the physical processes involved and the reliability of the predictions. One outstanding issue is the location of all the anthropogenic CO 2 . According to Table 6.1 in the 2013 Report, half goes into the atmosphere and a quarter into the oceans with the remaining quarter assigned to some undefined sequestering as biomass on the land.",,5_1
The Arctic Ocean covers about 2.8% of the total Earths surface area The Encyclopedia of Earth,,0_0
"As of 1974, climate experts showed a strong temperature spike around 1940, followed by plummeting temperatures until the 1970s, with 1970 actually cooler than 1900.",,2_1
"It says the amount by which climate scientists multiply the direct warming from, say, CO2 to allow for temperature feedbacks changes to the climate because it has warmed that make it warm still further is equal to the reciprocal of 1 minus a third of the sum of all the feedbacks.",,0_0
"Senators John McCain (R., Ariz.) and Joe Lieberman (D., Conn.) are deeply concerned about the issue of global climate change. So much so that they are cosponsoring the Climate Stewardship Act in the Senate this month, a Kyoto-like measure which would impose extra costs on greenhouse-gas-emitting industries such as energy and manufacturing, and will set up a whole new welfare agency to compensate those whose heating costs go up as a result.",,0_0
"driving up the price of everything else, he says. ""Youre taking corn""",,0_0
"Figure 5 illustrates the annual Indian Ocean Sea Level from 1993 to 2007. From 1999 to 2007, Indian Ocean Sea Level appears to have increased exponentially, but a look at the smoothed data in Figure 4 reveals that the rise has ended. http://i33.tinypic.com/9kpm39.jpg Figure 5",,1_6
"Once again (see our Editorial of 11 Dec 2002 ), in spite of all the hype about recent dramatic warming in the permafrost regions of Alaska, real-world data demonstrate - at least for Barrow - that it is no warmer there now than it was half a century ago , and the area's permafrost is in no more danger of being wiped out today that it was in the days of our grandparents . Furthermore, the authors note that degradation of permafrost does not proceed as rapidly as many climate alarmists would have one believe. As they describe it, degradation of permafrost is a slow process,"" and ""if recent trends continue, it will take several centuries to millennia for permafrost in the present discontinuous zone to disappear completely in the areas where it is actively warming and thawing.""",,1_1
"But from the looks of his whiny letter , hes of a completely different mindset. He thinks that while hes on the public payroll that he has the right to intimidate dissenters, and to keep everything he writes in his LLNL role a secret. Clearly he hates accountability to his bosses.",,0_0
"But even if you managed to win the war for a world government, such a world government will still be unable to change the composition of the atmosphere in a way that significantly deviates from predictions arising from natural processes and man-made contributions tightly linked to the people's prosperity. The reason is that winds and diffusion are not the only two foes of yours. There are lots of other laws of physics you need to violate in order to realize your pathological dreams and it won't be easy.",,0_0
although they all seem to be more human-interest than science. I thought you,,0_0
"So, with the major groups at the bargaining table with the government, whose watching out for the environment in our own backyards?",,0_0
"I need to gain an improved physical understanding of the regpar value. As I understand it now, a higher number gives more degrees of freedom to the linear fit. If my interpretation is reasonably correct, there should be a section in the paper describing these results and explaining them away with overfitting of trend using higher regpar.",,0_0
In the same year the US passed a bill prohibiting the Overseas Private Investment Corporation a federal agency responsible for underwriting American companies that invest in developing countries from investing in energy projects that involve fossil fuels.,,0_0
"Hansen's Teflon credibility wasn't even scratched after the August revelation that since 2000 he and his fellow scientists had been incorrectly crunching the data from about 1,200 ground weather stations that NASA uses to take the country's annual average temperature -- and which the unquestioning mainstream media used as proof"" the country has been getting hotter every year since 1998.""",,5_1
"In a statement Friday, IPCC officials confirmed the authenticity of a leaked draft of the forthcoming Fifth Assessment Report on climate. Skeptics seized upon a chart within the document that compares past IPCC predictions with actual temperature readings. The scientific models of 1990s First Assessment Report forecast temperatures would rise fast, reaching alarming levels by 2010. The mercury refused to cooperate with the warming hypothesis that year. In 2012, temperatures also were frostier than the generous assumptions in each of the groups four previous reports.",,5_1
"42) Trenberth's 'missing heat' really is missing and is not supported by the data itself"" in the ""real ocean"": ""it is not clear to me, actually, that an accelerated warming of some...layer of the ocean ... is robustly supported by the data itself. Until we clear up whether there has been some kind of accelerated warming at depth in the real ocean, I think these results serve as interesting hypotheses about why the rate of surface warming has slowed-down, but we still lack a definitive answer on this topic.""",,5_1
"In response to a video posted by a commenter on WUWT, I noted that Parmesan continues to misrepresent her 1996 study. So I wrote, What I find most disgusting and dishonest in this 2013 video is that she still repeats her old story that her butterfly (Edith Checkerspot) had moved upwards and northwards when 1) No such thing ever happened. Only the statistical center moved because more the butterflies had been extirpated due to urban sprawl mostly in southern California and 2) she has known for at least 5 years now that populations that she reported as extinct have now returned . Thats why she refused to let me replicate her study.",,5_2
"But that doesn't seem likely to help the Democrats in 2016 if Hillary Clinton should drop out or if her most recently revealed shenanigans the boodle from foreign potentates, the $200,000 university speeches, the home-brew email system should render her unelectable.",,0_0
"Based on the limited Global Ice and Snow measurements available, and noting the questionable value of Sea Ice Area and Extent as a proxy for temperature, not much inference can currently be drawn from Earth??s Ice and Snow measurements. However, there does appear to be a pause in Global Sea Ice Area.",,5_1
The Clinton White House will brook no dissent in its efforts to get the Kyoto climate treaty ratified. Just ask Frederick Seitz.,,0_0
Uh Oh Climategate just took the next step,,0_0
"on Friday, June 15th, 2012 at 8:45 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
#fracdiff 0.0430 198.2359 -0.0956 0.1773 -0.0700 0.1531 0.1364,,0_0
"There are huge uncertainties in the model outputs which are recognized and unmeasured. They are so large that adjustment of model parameters can give model results which fit almost any climate, including one with no warming, and one that cools.",,5_1
Effects of Elevated CO2 and Light on Four Weedy Species,,0_0
"Date: April 10, 2010 Time: 10:00 am Central DST",,0_0
"The plan will result in higher electricity costs for businesses and families, lost jobs, lower incomes, higher poverty rates, reduced living standards, and diminished health and welfare, our exhaustive recent study found. This damage will be inflicted at the national level and in all 50 states. The CPP will impact all low-income groups, but hit America's 128 million Blacks and Hispanics especially hard.",,4_1
"UPDATE: The Reuters correspondent confused climate sensitivity with temperature projections. That means that this post is, well, just plain wrong. I should have spotted that. Sorry.",,0_0
"However, I asked him whether the draft Copenhagen Treatys proposal for what amounted to a communistic world government reminded him of the Communism under which he and his country had suffered for so long.",,4_1
A minority of scientists question whether this means global warming has peaked and argue the Earth has proved more resilient to greenhouse gases than predicted.,,3_1
It is statistically appropriate to point to this year??s frigidity as evidence that the theory of man-made global warming is suspect.,,1_3
"In response to intense questioning from Rep. Mike Pompeo, Kansas Republican, during a House Energy and Commerce Committee hearing on Sept. 18, EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy admitted that the new regulations are unlikely to have measurable impact on world climate. She then explained the real reasons for the rules: ?What we are attempting to do is put together a comprehensive climate plan across the administration that positions the U.S. for leadership on this issue and that will prompt and leverage international discussions and actions.?",,4_2
"Before the subsidy-seekers really get going, let's look at the full extent of government handouts for Tesla.",,0_0
"Expanding wind is a good investment if energy prices increase more than we forecast, and there is a significant risk of that happening, he said.",,0_0
"Seitzs petition reminds us of the approach used by the tobacco industry over the decades when asked if tobacco is addictive and harmful, Lucier wrote last spring.",,0_0
"So with all but a few data series not artificially augmented, Jim Bouldin (PhD) has determined that little Jeff Id BS, has no clue what he is talking about thus the BS I suppose.",,0_0
"The USA may be doing better than the EuroZone, but were more of a Not Dead Yet! than a growing well.",,0_0
"military strike against Iran's nuclear facilities, and the Sanger book details President Obama's effort to avert a rush to war.",,0_0
"But instead we see anti gouging laws. Sounds good. Politically smart. But, if gas is selling for $3.50 / gallon and can at most have a 10% rise or you get punished, thats $3.85. That wont pay the freight (literally) to haul in gasoline or generators from remote locations. That you then would also penalize the folks doing the fuel and generator delivery for business without a license (and who knows what other legal crap) and, well, theres just no incentive for private folks to fix it.",,0_0
"I believe low energy prices may complicate the transformation, to be very frank, Fatih Birol, the executive director of the International Energy Agency, told reporters in Brussels Thursday, ""and this is a very important issue for countries to note; all the strong renewables and energy efficiency policies therefore may be undermined with the low fossil fuel prices.""",,0_0
China's president Xi Jinping (#1) did not come to New York.,,0_0
"Evidence for the superiority of the Resiliency Strategy is suggested by the fact that while in 1992 all the developed countries agreed to voluntary reductions of greenhouse gas emissions, only Germany and Great Britain were successful. It is ironic that these two countries, which most avidly support stringent international political controls over the world s energy consumption, achieved their reductions by liberalizing and de-politicizing their energy markets. Germany ended support for the inefficient East German energy sector, and Great Britain stopped subsidizing her coal industry.",,0_0
"The bright spot was that we got to have dinner with Josh , who does the often hilarious weekly cartoons for WattsUpWithThat and the Bishop Hill Blog. Im a cartoonist as well, here and here are my livetoons of the 2010 ICCC. But like everything else in my life, my cartooning is totally self-taught, and Josh is the only real-life cartoonist Ive ever met. He turned out to be a lovely man, with the same warm personality that shines through in his cartoons. Hed brought along his sketch-books, so I got to see how a real cartoonist does it, even his simplest sketches are full of joy and laughter.",,0_0
"To avert administrative disaster and a political firestorm, the EPA adopted its June 2010 Tailoring Rule which exempts all but the largest greenhouse emitters from PSD and Title V permitting. It does so by revising the major"" source applicability thresholds from 100-250 tons per year to 75,000-100,000 tons per year. In other words, to avoid a debacle of its own making, the agency effectively rewrote the statute.""",,0_0
A tropical disease rages in a decidedly untropical place Texas. Both science and politics play roles.,,0_0
Yeah butthe proponents of anthropogenic global warming repeatedly sayYeah but,,0_0
"Northwestern University's Monica Prasad argues that Demark's experience with carbon taxes is instructive: Unless steps are taken to lock the tax revenue away from policymakers and invest in substitutes, a carbon tax could lead to more revenue rather than to less pollution. If we want to reduce carbon emissions, then we should follow Denmark's example: tax the industrial emission of carbon and return the revenue to industry through subsidies for research and investment in alternative energy sources."" Indeed, approximately 40% of Danish carbon tax revenue is used for environmental subsidies, while the other 60% is returned to industry.""",,0_0
Eighteen people registered to vote out of a truck stop,,0_0
"Erroneous Climate Science Statement By Tom Karl, Director Of The National Climate Data Center And President Of The American MeteorologicalSociety",,0_0
"Oil, Climate Change, and Security: A Bipartisan Approach",,0_0
"Aside from giving over most of its running time to what amounts to a stump speech, the film's efforts to humanize Gore are only remotely tied to his passion for the environment. We do learn that his interest in the issue goes back to his college days. But the picture's attempts to connect the near-death of Gore's young son with the father's love for the earth is as manipulative as the film's use of Katrina footage.",,0_0
"There also exist serious doubts whether the expedition can get to the North Pole at all. See Steve Goddard's text . After 40 days, they have only made 240 kilometers. April 30th is the last day to recover the people safely from the North Pole region so they have roughly 20 days for the remaining 685.61 kilometers (as of today: yes, this figure actually increased by 2 km from Friday). As the summer is approaching, the areas with missing ice should start to spread.",,0_0
"If you tag one with a satellite tag in Monterey bay, it will shoot straight across to Indonesia, Professor Crowder explained.",,0_0
"The CPP's Climate Benefits Are Illusory. EPA claims the CPP will deliver $31 billion in climate benefits to the American people in 2030. That is impossible because, even assuming EPA climate sensitivity estimates, the CPP will avert less than 0.02 C of global warming by 2100 too small an amount to have any discernible impact on sea-level rise, weather patterns, polar bear populations, or any other climate-related variable people care about.",,4_2
"Magnus v. U.S., decided today, concludes that a defendant who pled guilty in 1996 to violating D.C. handgun ban can now have that plea set aside given D.C. v. Heller, assuming his conduct was indeed protected by the Second Amendment (and didn't, for instance, involve the possession of a gun to facilitate an illegal drug transaction). A conviction for conduct that is not criminal, but is instead constitutionally protected, is the ultimate miscarriage of justice,"" and a defendant can therefore ask to have it set aside (via a petition for coram nobis relief) even many years later.""",,0_0
"With the Republicans now in charge come January, Murkowski will become the Chairman of the Energy and Natural Resources Committee. She is expected to start by holding hearings, pressuring Obama Administration officials, and testing the level of support from party leadership.""",,0_0
"One could never read a Ken Smith column without learning something valuable. In meeting his end with calm and grace, Ken taught us a valuable and inspiring lesson about death and facing up to its inevitability with dignity and without fear.",,0_0
"Hes taken the leash off the EPA to wreak havoc on industries with massively expensive, and entirely unnecessary new regulations.",,0_0
"And as in Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia, those least able to defend themselvesminorities, the poor, particularly in the Third Worldwould be the principle victims of ideological pseudo-science.",,0_0
Climate Change and Public Policy: European and American Approaches to Kyoto,,0_0
"Despite claims that it continues to get warmer and warmer, this table from NOAA/NCDC indicates that 2011 was in the middle of the pack, going all the way back to 1980 (the start of the global warming era). Such remote years as 1981, 1986, 1987, and 1990 were hotter.",,1_4
"No wonder they had previously blacked out that information. And some people have claimed that these global warming policies would only cost Americans a postage stamp a day. The background behind this story is from the Director of Freedom Action, also Director of Energy and Global Warming Policy at CEI. From the Cooler Heads Digest, 18 September 2009:",,0_0
Climate scientists are claiming that 2003 was the hottest year Britain has seen since record-keeping began in 1659; most blame man's emissions of greenhouse gases as the prime cause. The truth is that we still don't know that the warmer summers of recent years are due to man's handiwork. The variation could be natural and there's no saying that the current trend will continue.,,0_0
New York Nanny Fraud: Anti-soda ads of amputee photoshopped,,0_0
"EMMA ALBERICI: And tomorrow night, in the second part of this special report, could the British Antarctic explorer Robert Scott have lived? We look at how Professor Turney discovered that choosing the right team can be a matter of life and death.",,0_0
Read the State Department document and decide for yourself whether these questions are worth asking.,,0_0
"If Ma Nature caused the pause,"" can't this same lady be responsible for the warming observed earlier? You bet! Fact is, the earth was cooling and warming long before so-called GHGs could have been a factor. A warm spell ushered in the Viking Age, and many scientists believe recent warming was merely a recovery from what's called ""the Little Ice Age"" that began around 1300.""",,2_1
"Lets contrast this with the hysteria over the Pakistani floods and Russian heatwave in 2010, which, because it occurred in Summer and was therefore related to heat, was immediately linked to climate change:",,5_2
... only those of us in Congress get to fly private jets,,0_0
"This study demonstrates the ability of certain corals to cope with the environmental stresses of sub-aerial exposure, including high substrate and air temperatures and solar irradiance. The authors noted that tissue retraction in this species results in marked paling of color which has previously been interpreted as a bleaching response."" Hence, it is possible that some reports of coral bleaching, particularly those based solely on satellite reflectance measurements, may not be real bleaching events.""",,3_2
"The average sea level rise rate for all 157 NOAA tide gauges active this century, is just below 0.7 mm/year.",,0_0
"If you register as a warrior against the deniers"", and I did, you will be getting lots of e-mail asking you for money. We often mention the Nigerian scams as an example of scams associated with Africa but I am afraid that Obama's Kenyan scams are already harming the credibility of the U.S. more than the Nigerian scams. I am pretty sure that BarackObama.COM must violate many anti-spam laws and if the law were properly and neutrally enforced, Barack Obama would have to be taken down.""",,0_0
Heartland Weekly: Early Bird Rates Now Available for Heartland's 32nd Anniversary Benefit Dinner,,0_0
"There are no perfect ways to measure indirect energy use. Some use greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions as a proxy, but this is far from ideal because different forms of energy are more or less GHG-intensive. Still, even a weak measurement is better than no measurement, and the GHG approach is a useful concept of which scientists and environmentalists lately have been taking note. For instance, the U.S. Green Building Council, which certifies buildings as green"" under its Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design rating system, has been discussing how to take into account the embodied energy of building materials in its rating system.""",,0_0
"to senior professors, who reply with short ones after a delay; the",,0_0
"across as pretty certain to me (and, more importantly, to my mum Mrs",,0_0
"The UN IPCC had to correct a report from the year 2007. The report had exaggerated the melting of the Himalayan glaciers, and even claimed that they could disappear completely by 2035.",,5_2
"The new study undertook a more accurate estimate by continuously monitoring the emission of carbon dioxide from a reservoir in Mississippi. The researchers discovered nighttime carbon dioxide emissions were 70 percent greater than during the day, and extratropical cyclones increase emissions by as much 16 percent. As a result of these two previously unaccounted-for emission rates, their research indicates inland bodies of water emit as much as 40 percent more carbon dioxide than previously estimated.",,0_0
"He's right of course. For the zillionth time, weather and climate are two entirely different things. A hot year with a drought doesn't prove the globe is heating up, much less than the alleged heating up is man-made. But the greens make such claims time and again. It's no more valid for other to say a cold, snowy winter shows the opposite. That's just the point Milbank goes on to make:",,0_0
"The lowly concept of private property has to be ignored. What if the New Orleans levees had been owned by the people whose property they protected? Or what if just New Orleans taxpayers, instead of all of us taxpayers, had had to pay for those levees? There would have been no problem evacuating people from New Orleans. They would have been gone already.",,0_0
"All best estimates given are medians (50% probability points for continuous distributions), unless otherwise stated.",,0_0
Mike's Nature Trick (66) The committee's conclusions are eyewatering:,,0_0
Heartland Replies To Matthew England's Ugly and Dishonest Essay,,0_0
"This figure we calculated may not seem particularly significant, says Esper. Our results suggest that the large-scale climate reconstruction shown by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) likely underestimate this long-term cooling trend over the past few millennia.",,0_0
"One promising research path is geoengineering. In a recent proposal presented at AEI, Lee Lane and J. Eric Bickel highlighted two methods or reflecting solar radiation back into space. The researchers estimate that for an annual cost of approximately $20 billion to $32 billion, it might be possible to counter a doubling of CO2 emissions and avoid trillions of dollars in future economic harm.",,0_0
"So, in what universe does a cold winter, a cool summer, cold lake water, and an unusually cold fall air mass result from global warming ?",,1_3
Oil prices fall to early summer levels.,,0_0
"Clearly, G.W. Bush's environmental executive agreements provide no precedent for Obama's plan to adopt the most ambitious climate change agreement in history"" without obtaining the Senate's advice and consent.""",,0_0
"Since the President and President-elect start spending quality Oval Office time together today, and since the incoming admistration's advisors can't settle on either pushing a Big Bang"" agenda or something more incremental, we at CEI are more than happy to help. While they're busy trying to lower expectations for a 100-Day agenda, we prefer to raise them--but in the direction of freedom rather than yet more central planning from Washington.""",,0_0
"While the last 18 months have marked a monumental boost in browser performance and the beginnings in earnest of the HTML5 web app era, another important story has also been weaving its way through the fabric of internet society the increasing importance of privacy on the web. Last year, both the US and EU decided that privacy on the web in general, and tracking cookies in specific, should be taken seriously. As a result, both Chrome and Internet Explorer now have tracking protection extensions, and Mozilla has proposed and implemented a Do Not Track HTTP header.",,0_0
"In his presentation to the Norwegian Academy of Science and Letters, Hans von Storch outlines a number of issues with the IPCC and suggests possible solutions. I thought these were pretty interesting, particularly the bit where he discusses dealing with dissent - I've added emphasis to the ouch"" bit.""",,5_2
Rosenberg scheduled the forum for 1 PM Tuesday beneath the golden dome of the Massachusetts State House in Boston.,,0_0
"To investigate how different climate impacts interact, an experiment was conducted at Kristineberg Marine Research Station.",,0_0
"And in recent years the rate of increase has been accelerating. (AIT, 72)""",,0_0
"Meanwhile, Finland and France are probably the most technologically advanced European countries as far as nuclear energy is concerned. And Britain, Lithuania, Switzerland, and Slovenia are the other countries where nuclear power plants may be built soon.",,0_0
"The EPA's October 16 deadline will be upon us before you know it. Take a few minutes now to send them your comments. Pick any of the above suggestions, customize them as you please, and send them on to the EPA. For America to grow, we need energy that is effective, efficient, and economical, rather than that which is threatened by the EPA's flood of excessive and burdensome regulations.",,0_0
RealClimate Raises the Bar AGAINST Climate Models The Unbearable Nakedness of CLIMATE CHANGE,,0_0
"Next, the Hayhoe chapter is of concern in light of Gingrichs green wobbling this week .",,0_0
"WSJ Editorial Suggests There Should Be No Social Cost Of Carbon. In an editorial, The Wall Street Journal criticized the Obama administration for raising the social cost of carbon, or the estimate of the damages caused by emitting a ton of carbon dioxide in one year, which is used by regulatory agencies to calculate the benefit of reducing carbon emissions.The Journal suggested that the social cost of carbon should be $0, approvingly citing the previous lack of a social cost for carbon, adding that ?Congress has never legislated that there are social costs to carbon emissions? and claiming that assigning such as cost is an ?inventio? to ?ri the rule-making?:",,0_0
"While Figures and UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon both attempted to put a brave face on the Bonn talks, they could not succeed in securing more emission reduction pledges. Worse, many existing commitments were thrown into question. The most recent report from the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change found that developed nations must make 25-40 percent reductions below the 1990 benchmark by 2020 to stave off the worst effects of climate change. The now-weakened pledges made after Copenhagen were estimated to only amount to a cut of 12 to 19 percent, well short of the safe reduction range. Any climate meeting that does not bring the political promises closer to the scientifically requisite reductions can only be viewed as a failure.",,0_0
"My daughter, her husband and their little baby managed to get out of the city ahead of the flood on Sunday, driving 14 hours into Texas with the few belongings they could stuff into their car. They have no idea what has become of their house and their possessions, not to mention their friends, their pets, their jobs, their way of life.",,0_0
"liquid ocean, whose heat capacity and mass/energy transport with the atmosphere dominate the earth's weather.",,0_0
"According to one popular just-so story being peddled by the anti-corporate Left, a small handful of media companies are currently buying up more and more outlets, reducing the range of opinions voiced in the major mediaeffectively blocking news and information unfavorable to, or contrary to the ideologies of, the media's owners.",,0_0
Clearly the US annual temperatures over the last century have correlated far better with cycles in the sun and oceans than carbon dioxide. The correlation with carbon dioxide seems to have vanished or even reversed in the last decade.,,2_1
"I will use to basic analytical to test the hypothesis, both using two-sided 95% confidence intervals (i.e. &alpha=5%). The two methods are:",,0_0
"They include or have included the National Hydrogen Association, Fuel Cells Canada, hydrogen producer QuestAir, Naikun Wind Energy and Ballard Fuel Cells. Mr. Hoggan apparently benefits from regulatory policy against CO2.",,5_2
Actually my point is what has Boko Haram and ISIS got to do with Climate Change ? answer is f..k all.,,0_0
"National sovereignty meaning the refusal of major powers like India, China and the United States to go along with sweeping global agendas was specifically indicted for the failure of the much ballyhooed Copenhagen summit on climate change. National sovereignty remains supreme,"" as one position paper noted.""",,0_0
"In a 1989 interview, the godfather of glasnost,"" Aleksandr Yakovlev, recalled that, returning to the Soviet Union in 1983 after 10 years as the ambassador to Canada, he felt the moment was at hand when people would declare, ""Enough! We cannot live like this any longer. Everything must be done in a new way. We must reconsider our concepts, our approaches, our views of the past and our future. There has come an understanding that it is simply impossible to live as we lived before intolerably, humiliatingly.""",,0_0
"That domestic program will be centered on a cap-and-trade program to limit greenhouse gas emissions. The statement continues: John Kerry's plan recognizes that we must take immediate action to halt and reverse the growth in greenhouse gas emissions and reduce our carbon footprint while the economy expands. Leveraging pioneering state and regional programs, Kerry's plan calls for all major sources of greenhouse gas emissions to participate in a cap and trade emissions reduction program for CO2 and other greenhouse gases (not just utilities, as some have suggested), so that the power of the marketplace can be directed to encourage that the most cost-effective reductions be made, whether at coal-fired utilities or from automobile tailpipes. This cap-and-trade program will reinforce other near-term initiatives that drive down emissions without reducing economic output.""",,0_0
German Utility blames renewables for2.7bn loss,,0_0
"This is a zero dimensional model (global average). It has many faults, but seems to not be too far off. Analysis of output (just as though they produced real data) from most of the GCMs give about these same values for A and B, etc. This simple model probably includes the lapse rate feedback, etc. It does not include snow/ice feedback which would raise the sensitivity slightly. Finally, the fits do not properly take the tropics (all-important, unfortunately half the planet??s area) into account. Lindzen would argue that it fails miserably there. The clouds muck up the tiny seasonal and latitudinal signal in the tropics and this could change the result. I cannot deny it.",,5_1
"The IPCC, you will recall, is Al Gore's co-recipient of the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize and the host over the years of numerous scandals involving fudged and twisted climate data, research plagiarized from student theses, popular magazine articles, and green-group press releases, and, of course, the infamous Climategate emails which showed coordinated efforts to hide the decline"" in temperature data. This is not just one more scandal, however. This is much bigger.""",,5_2
"Furthermore, as of January 1, 2012, many foreign airlines are enraged at being forced to pay a new carbon-offsetting tax when entering EU airspace. The Chinese and Indian governments are both refusing to let their national airlines pay this tax to the EU, and other nations are set to join this boycott.",,0_0
"Use more technology (geoengineering, carbon capture and storage).",,0_0
"The three Canadian researchers conclude that moose in their southern range either ameliorate heat stress at a finer resolution than we measured or are more resilient to temperature than previously thought,"" thereby casting significant doubt upon what climate alarmists ""intuitively"" claim will occur in a warming world.""",,3_2
"The provided documents conclude with emails citing late-night phone calls to get the story straight, and calling with high importance"" a meeting at 9:00 a.m., September 22, 2009, in the office of Ms. Zoi's chief operating officer, Steven Chalk. The meeting was called to ""huddle up"" face-to-face to put things straight.""",,0_0
Note: Assumes IPCC A1B baseline emissions path.,,0_0
"To state the problem another way, 202 of the CAA requires the Administrator to exercise her judgment."" Yet in every instance, the Endangerment Proposal and TSD simply defer to the judgment of the self-proclaimed scientific ""consensus"" represented by the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and the U.S. Climate Science Change Program (CSCP).""",,0_0
"Today's Wall Street Journal features several letters to the editor (subscription required) on the paper's editorial on the Rockefeller-Snowe letter to ExxonMobil. Naturally, it is to be expected that at least somebody would write taking exception to the editorial, but the letter by Rick Piltz of Climate Science Watch has got to be read to be believed -- because it misses the central point so widely off the mark.",,0_0
"For alfalfa, the Association of Official Seed Certifying Agencies, which sets standards for the purity of nearly all seed crops, requires buffer zones of just 165 feet in order to maintain the genetic integrity of certified seed and 900 feet for so-called foundation seed, where genetic standards are most exacting. That is sufficient to prevent nearly all cross-pollination but, of course, no amount of isolation would be perfect.",,0_0
Scary warnings from climatologists. Take heed. Take action quickly before it is too late.,,0_0
"13. Paul Ehrlich warned in the May 1970 issue of Audubon that DDT and other chlorinated hydrocarbons may have substantially reduced the life expectancy of people born since 1945."" Ehrlich warned that Americans born since 1946 now had a life expectancy of only 49 years, and he predicted that if current patterns continued this expectancy would reach 42 years by 1980, when it might level out.""",,0_0
Patron is not alone. Reports across the country have alleged damages brought on by concentrated sunlight reflected off of energy efficient windows. The National Association of Home Builders is now conducting a study on the matter.,,0_0
"Whether she can be prevailed upon or not, Professor Curry?s case highlights the importance of this battle and the need to make sure that free speech is not just for members of the global warming establishment, but also for the rest of us.",,0_0
"Postscript: I just finished reading the Royal Society assessment . Overall, I give it a much higher grade than the IPCC Summary for Policy Makers (SPM). I know about half of the scientists on the Working Group; they are absolutely top drawer. I dont disagree with anything they say for the first 7 pages. Then they characterize some statements as Aspects of climate change where there is a wide consensus but continuing debate and discussion. The wide consensus is not a good way of putting this, too bad they didnt have an Italian flag. A better way of saying it might have been our best judgement based upon current evidence and background knowledge and actually using the word uncertainty. The list of Aspects that are not well understood is far too skimpy. As a narrative, this makes much more sense than the IPCC SPM, and assesses a lower level of confidence, which is appropriate. Overall, I give it a B grade (compared to a C- for the IPCC SPM).",,5_1
"Money for Nothing - Growers Push for Carbon Cash Harvest - GLG News Agricultural production is a significant net source of carbon emissions. Reducing planted acreage in the name of climate change may further tighten food supplies and keep prices high. Climate Change Capital cuts staff in U.S., Britain | Markets | Markets News | Reuters LONDON, March 26 (Reuters) - Clean energy project investment manager Climate Change Capital said on Thursday it was reducing the headcount at its offices in the U.S. and Britain.",,0_0
Recouping cost of wind turbine may take more than a lifetime (Consumer Reports confirms micro-wind diseconomies),,4_4
"12. Richard Lewontin, Dishonesty in Science,"" New York Review of Books (November 18, 2004): 39.""",,0_0
"/s/ Richard Gordon JSC, Astronaut, Gemini Xi, Apollo 12, 9 years",,0_0
"Speaking of Tamino, he presented a post about the Atlantic Multidecadal Oscillation, see his post here , and I replied to it in my post Comments on Taminos AMO Post . In another of his posts , Tamino took exception to a comment I made that climate models cannot reproduce the multidecadal variations exhibited in the temperature record, and in my response , I presented the outputs of all of the CMIP3 climate model simulations in a gif animation to show that the vast majority of the model simulations do not present the multidecadal variability that exists in the data.",,5_1
"Looking at the data by decade, it's apparent that the anomalously quiet 1920s were followed by surging landfalling hurricane frequency in the 1930s and 1940s. But after the 1940s, the remainder of the 20th century was rather quiet.",,0_0
"Three parents, including Robyn Terry, complained to the district. The Terrys' 12-year-old son attended Beadle Middle School last year. Mrs. Terry said that the materials used in his class portrayed global warming as fact when scientists disagree.",,0_0
"The cruel madness is even worse than this, and may soon claim its first Australian life. The former government cut a shoddy deal with the UN's hated climate bureaucrats by which, if it agreed to leave millions of acres of farmland fallow and designate them fatuously as carbon sinks"", it would be exempted from its obligation to make the cuts in emissions of CO2 from fossil-fuelled power stations and automobiles that would be demanded if it ratified the Kyoto Protocol.""",,0_0
"Richard Keen at the University of Colorado was the first to notice the changes. On December 5, he published this report comparing his own research into the climate of Alaska with the official version of the UN Intergovernmental Panel for Climate Change (IPCC). He found no evidence of warming in Alaska over the past three decades, and no substantial difference in average temperature between 1935-1944 and the present time. Overall he found a warming trend of 0.69 Kelvin per century over the span of the twentieth century???while the GHCN dataset projects a warming trend of 2.83 K/century. (The Kelvin is the International System equivalent of a Celsius degree.)",,1_4
"Plant growth enhancement with CO2 up to 1000 ppm is strong, and up to 2000 ppm is measurable, meaning that plants know how to use more, expect to have more, and are rate limited at the low levels of today.",,3_3
"And while they are doing the right thing, they should sign the Rivers Need Estuaries petition of the Australian Environment Foundation www.listentous.org.au .",,0_0
"Here we see that while warming was most rapid in the N. Hemisphere during this period, it was also present in the tropics in southern hemisphere. The contradicts Trenberth??s assertion that the early warming period was not globally distributed.",,2_1
"For both CT data and Jeff Ids NSIDC data presentation we see that its in fact it is mostly the years 2005, 2006 and 2007 that shows a large dip in global sea ice extent. Take away those years, and where is the decadal declining trend?",,1_1
"They hr tankegngarna from std in a strategy of EU kommissionren Antonio Tajani. So far Nations, the EU has always promoted klimatmlen Fri industry. But now freslr be a clear mlsttning for industrial policy, including the industrial share of EU production (GDP) should hjas to 20 percent by 2020. It seems this output has been one terupptckt a sjlvbrande industry plays a certain role for lnders vlstnd.",,0_0
"Emperor penguins at risk of extinction, scientists warn | Environment | The Guardian",,0_0
"Federal Deposit Insurance Corp Chairman Sheila Bair said she did not believe legislation would be needed to address concerns over whether the paperwork was properly done so long as investigations show the issue was mostly procedural.""Greece Likely to Default By 2013 as Debts Remain, El-Erian Says:""",,0_0
The Board of Education should ensure that its science standards permit students to examine and learn from all the data and analysis about global warming.,,0_0
"It outlines the methodological approach that allowed him to reconstitute global warming observed during the second half of the 20th century, and the stagnation of the average temperature of the planet, precursor to the onset of cooling.",,1_4
this means we will need to resubmit the manuscript to peer review once again...,,0_0
"The reason for transportation's relative technological stagnation, compared with communication, is diminishing returns, which have blunted our ability to squeeze more out of technology. The fuel needed to fly at supersonic speeds is prohibitively expensive, as the Concorde proved. It has been said that if the car had experienced the sort of cost reductions that computing has found through Moore's Law-which says that the density of transistors on a chip doubles every two years-it would travel to the moon and back on a teaspoon of gasoline.",,0_0
"With the CO 2 content of the air increasing on the planetary scale, we take these findings to suggest that the aerial fertilization effect of the ongoing rise in atmospheric CO 2 concentration is providing a very real impetus for increased net primary production everywhere on earth and, hence, an increased impetus for preserving - and even enhancing - the species richness of both plants and animals over the entire globe. This conclusion further suggests that we not attempt to restrict anthropogenic CO 2 emissions via Kyoto-style interventions (see our Editorial Biodiversity, Productivity and CO 2 ); for with all of the other assaults on the biosphere produced by the activities of our burgeoning population, earth's plants and animals are going to need all the help they can get to maintain enough critical biomass"" to preserve their unique identities in the days and years ahead.""",,3_3
"China Buys Hummer - Greg Pollowitz - Planet Gore on National Review Online This should make all the right people angry: The world's biggest polluter now owns the poster child of irresponsible automobiles. Exit question: Will China bring down the production costs so far that the average middle-class Joe can afford his own tank? William Hunt -- Control and Loss of Freedom: Ultimate Goal of the Global Warming Lobby Oregon is following hard in Californias footsteps. Businesses are failing and fleeing the state. Washington is not far behind. So, what happens when Congress shuts down the states that provide the resources for the state that no longer will produce their own? So long, Fido: Climate change could kill your pet, warns the RSPCA - Telegraph Climate change could kill pets, according to the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (RSPCA), as warmer temperatures cause an increase in exotic diseases among cats and dogs.",,0_0
"My suspicion is it doesn't work. Eco-activists are likely offended by the ad, whether because it mocks them or because it comes too near the mark of what life would be like in a society that heeds Al Gore's injunction to make rescue of the environment"" the ""central organizing principle for civilization."" On the other hand, people who resent officious bureaucrats may remember little about the ad except that Audi has something to do with ""green police.""",,0_0
"Wellington : Moved from Bolton St to Buckle St (location uncertain) to Thorndon to Kelburn during 1906-1927, all with different aspects, exposures, elevations and urban heat island (UHI) effects. There were no nearby stations for comparisons.",,0_0
"We can see that the administration again largely accepted the liberal-progressive view of the world. Legislative attention was focused on financial regulation, a bill that was superficially popular but which clearly was not a priority for any segment of the electorate. Little serious attention was paid to the deficit, and the administration's reaction to the Gulf oil spill was to shut down offshore drilling, an act that thrilled environmentalists but surely was noticed by working-class Americans already worried about their jobs. It was as if the administration felt that directing popular anger against Wall Street and big businessa staple of the Democratic party since Andrew Jackson and 1832, as progressives John Judis and Ruy Teixeira noted in their book The Emerging Democratic Majoritywas sufficient to bring working-class Americans back on board.",,0_0
"The unrelenting war on carbon fuels has far greater risks, with some zealots advocating Zero Emissions, while also, incredibly, opposing nuclear and hydro-power. They would take us all back to the BC Era (before coal).Already urban environmentalists are polluting city air by burning wood (biomass) and briquetted paper in stoves and home heaters; and trying to prevent millions in Asia and Africa from getting cheap clean electricity.",,0_0
Meanwhile the very latest peer-reviewed science from the Global and Planetary Journal shows no relationship at all between carbon dioxide and Earth's temperatures.,,2_3
"Again, Osborn provided no citation or references. I never claimed that the data for Scenario A or Scenario B or Polar Urals was less biased I defy Osborn to locate any support for that suggestion.",,0_0
Another billion plus down the drain. I guess it wasnt sustainable.,,0_0
"Therefore, just as cold weather is known to lead to the deaths of far more people than is hot weather around the world (see Health Effects (Temperature - Hot vs. Cold Weather) in our Subject Index), and in light of the fact that daily minimum temperatures have historically risen considerably more than have daily maximum temperatures during periods of global warming (see Temperature (Diurnal Range) in our Subject Index), it can be appreciated that both humans and corals -- together with their symbionts -- may well have little to fear if temperatures begin to rise again.",,3_2
"How different it was four years ago. Shortly after Obama's first inauguration, he and Canada's Prime Minister Stephen Harper launched a bilateral Clean Energy Dialogue to promote technology innovation, policy cooperation, and lower greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in North America. Since then, we've seen two action plans and several announcements from the lead government agencies the U.S. Department of Energy and Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Environment Canada and Natural Resources Canada (NRCan) and the lead officials in all four have been changed by cabinet shuffle or resignation.",,0_0
"First, the IPCC has already been compelled to reduce the radiative forcing at CO2 doubling by more than a sixth, from 4.4 W/m2 in the 1995 climate assessment report to 3.7 W/m2 in 2001. The CO2 forcing in the atmosphere cannot be measured directly. Also, laboratory experiments are of limited value because they cannot replicate the long optical pathway of the outgoing radiation through the rapidly-attenuating atmosphere.",,5_1
Ls press release from Freningen Swedish Landscape Protection,,0_0
"The warming weve had in the last thirty years implies that at best, we could expect 1C from a doubling of CO 2 , but observations from eight natural experiments around the globe, and even on Mars and Venus suggest that 0.4C is the upper bound of climate sensitivity to any cause. In addition, if Miscolscki is right, and an increase in carbon dioxide leads to a decrease in water vapor, then the sensitivity due to CO 2 could be close to zero.",,3_1
"Newsbusters discuss comments by former Newsweek editor Howard Fineman who says that the climate skeptics must be religious, so the climate wars represent a conflict between the nice atheist alarmists"" and ""evil religious skeptics"".""",,5_2
"The first article appears in Environmental Pollution and was written by three scientists from the University of Illinois, Michigan Technological University, and the United States Department of Agriculture. Before we go further, we did wonder a bit why the authors chose this journal for their article? The article deals with aspen trees and carbon dioxide, which we do not see as a pollutant, and tropospheric ozone, which we agree is a pollutant. McGrath et al. note early in the article that is expected to increase 50% by 2050. Elevated increases photosynthetic rate in C3 plants, above-ground dry matter production, yield and maximum LAI (LAI is leaf area index). So even before the experiment is conducted, the authors were fully aware that elevated CO2 has many positive benefits for aspen.",,3_3
"The key error stems from the risky practice of grandfathering existing sources of pollution while imposing high regulatory standards on new facilities and equipment. This differential enforcement creates perverse incentives that systematically increase pollution levels by postponing the orderly substitution of new (and cleaner) for old (and dirtier) plants. The Clean Air Act of 1970 (CAA) unwisely exempted existing dirty plants from the full brunt of the law, which applied with force only to new coal facilities. The regulators navely assumed that these old plants would be phased out anyway in a few years.",,0_0
They are the four independent scientists who together advised Senator Steve Fielding during his discussions with Climate Minister Penny Wong over her proposed emissions trading bill in 2009.,,0_0
"So even if being a climate change denier"" were a crime (rather than constitutionally protected speech, as it in fact is), a donation to a nonprofit that employs such a person would not be a crime.""",,0_0
"Today I have talked a lot about Utility MACT. Let's be sure we understand what it means one more time. Utility MACT is a rule by the EPA to end coal in America and cause electricity rates to skyrocket. My resolution, SJR 37, will allow the elected members of the Senate to stop the Obama-EPA. It is as simple as that.",,0_0
"Today, politicians and their ideological fellow travelers in the media use the normal cycles of the seasons to promote climate change. That was the conclusion of Bill Nye of MSNBC, who said, I just want to introduce the idea that this storm is connected to climate change. Gov. Andrew Cuomo made the same assertion.",,0_0
"Children just aren't going to know what snow is. Dr David Viner, Climatic Research Unit, University of East Anglia, 20 March 2000",,0_0
"And what it shows is his horrible and gross political miscalculations, he added. ""In 2007 and 2008, he actually believed that not only was global warming going to be a, quote, winning issue but he actually believed the Republican base was going to accept this. Those are two horrible miscalculations.""",,0_0
"Much of CRUs prominence exists because of IPCC activities by its employees. Much of the Climategate dossier, including some of the most controversial emails, arise out of IPCC activities by CRU employees. These include the emails arising from the September 1999 IPCC Lead Authors meeting in Arusha, Tanzania (up to and including the notorious trick email) and the Wahl-Briffa correspondence in July and August 2006, together with requests to delete this correspondence in May 2008.",,5_2
Figure 2: The generally linear pattern of climate is clear.,,0_0
"In fact, it is exactly because we have made our environment less natural"" that we have improved the lot of humankind. ""Natural"" means horrifying percentages of our children dying of infectious diseases and mothers dying in childbirth; lifespans of only 30 or 40 years for those who survive these earlier tribulationsyears lived in backbreaking toil merely to avoid starvation; and constant nagging pain from injuries and infections.""",,0_0
"The yeah but statement after the boldfaced portion is, of course, speculation.",,0_0
Al Gore Proposes New Condition on Climate Change Forecasting Challenge,,0_0
"In other words, it must stop trying to prove manmade carbon dioxide is the sole or primary factor in climate change and seek evidence-based answers to what drives climate change, what we might expect in the future, and how humans can better adapt to warmer, colder, wetter or drier futures.",,0_0
IPCC Zero Order Draft files found and put back online,,0_0
"As analyst Roger Bezdek explains, water heaters that now cost $675-1,500 will soon cost $1,200-2,450 with newfangled exhaust fans, vent pipes and condensate removal systems. Pickup trucks with more fuel efficiency and less power will nearly double in price. Microwaves, cell phones, vacuum cleaners, hair dryers, toasters, coffee pots, lawn mowers, photocopiers, televisions and almost everything else will cost far more. Poor and middle class families will get clobbered, to prevent perhaps 5% of the USA's 15% of all human CO2 emissions toward 0.04% of atmospheric CO2, and maybe 0.00001 degrees of warming.",,4_1
The result of this temperature decrease is to increase the difference between the global temperatures of the 1990s and the 2000s. Removing this volcanic dip reduces quite significantly the temperature increase seen over the 1990 2013 period. When the errors are taken into account it is not impressive.,,0_0
"Now, let's see what happens when we start to factor in recent findings.",,0_0
politics or the specialist debates that parallel governmental decisions. The,,0_0
"USUAL REQUEST: If you disagree with something that I or someone else said, please QUOTE THE EXACT WORDS YOU DISAGREE WITH. Then, and only then, let us know what you disagree with. I can defend my own words. I cannot defend your interpretation of my words.",,0_0
"The truth is that the first graph, plainly labeled scienceandpublicpolicy.org"", is the SPPI's well-known global-temperature index, compiled monthly from four separate global-temperature datasets, as Abraham well knew because I explained in my talk. It was not a NOAA graph, and was not labeled as such. Naturally, therefore, it differed at some points from the NOAA graph.""",,0_0
"How global warming can worsen snowfalls, read a Boston Globe headline .",,0_0
"What about the probable ~1 C, unnaturally 7.7 sigma, increase in global air temperature between the Little Ice Age, 1650, and 1900? Humans couldn??t have done it. Climate gremlins, maybe?",,2_1
"Annex I countries are mostly developed countries, covering the United States, Britain, Australia, Canada and much of Europe including countries that are struggling financially such as Greece and Portugal.",,0_0
"As noted above, the sea surface temperature anomalies of a region of the eastern equatorial Pacific are commonly used as an indicator of El Nio and La Nia eventsaka an ENSO Index. That region with the coordinates of 5S-5N, 170W-120W is called NINO3.4. Well use the sea surface temperatures of the NINO3.4 region as a reference in the following graphs for how often El Nio and La Nia events occur, how strong they are and how long they persist. Keep in mind, though, while the NINO3.4 sea surface temperatures indicate an ENSO event is taking place in the eastern equatorial Pacific, it is only measuring the effects of the El Nio or La Nia on the surface temperatures in that region. That may seem obvious, but people lose track of that fact and forget to account for the effects an El Nio is having outside of that region on temperatures and other variables.",,0_0
"Normally, carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere are in balance with levels of carbon dioxide in the ocean. However, if water and air were cut off by a thick layer of ice during Snowball Earth, atmospheric carbon dioxide levels could have increased drastically. In a phenomenon similar to the climate change Earth is witnessing in modern times, high levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide would have created a greenhouse gas warming effect, trapping heat inside the planets atmosphere and melting the Marinoan ice. Essentially, the Marinoan glaciation created the potential for extreme changes in atmospheric chemistry that in turn lead to the end of Snowball Earth and the beginning of a new explosion of animal life on Earth.",,0_0
Life in a Cold and Dark Place: Can It Long Be Maintained in a Warming World? (9 Jul 2013),,0_0
"Under Bush's proposal, companies that begin to comply with Kyoto before it is ratified would be awarded credits that they could sell or use to offset future regulatory obligations. In the absence of a regulatory cap on carbon emissions, the credits are worthless. Only if Kyoto or a similar regulatory program were enacted would the credits yield dividends. Credit-holders thus acquire cash incentives to support Kyoto, or lobby for its domestic equivalent,"" says Lewis.""",,0_0
Windows Intune hits the street March 23:,,0_0
"Most Americans even think that on cultural issues things are getting worse: things like crime rates and infant mortality rates and the number of illegitimate births and so on. And we find in the last 15 or 20 years that even these trends show improvement. The crime rate is down, the abortion rate is down, the rate of drug use has declined from its peak in the 1970s. These are good times, and Americans and people around the world tend to resist that message. But we think that the book provides a very powerful refutation of the idea that things are getting worse, not better.",,0_0
"Sources: Loehle 2007, Haung and Pollack 1997 , See co2science.org for all the other peer reviewed studies to go with every orange dot on the map. McIntyre & McKitrick 2003 and 2005 , and update , Mann et al 1998, Briffa 2006, read McIntyre at climateaudit.com, see ClimateGate, and Monckton What Hockey Stick (Science and Public Policy Institute paper)",,0_0
"Although new technology constitutes the most effective response to concerns about possible changes in our climate,"" says the report, ""in the short term, there are no technologies that make plausible the goals sought by the Kyoto Protocol.""",,0_0
"Normally, I might not deal with a four year old paper by James Hansen, the NASA doyenne of serial doomcasters. However, I note that this paper has been cited ten times this year alone, so I thought I might comment.",,5_2
"Have you wondered what the end game of the protests"" on Wall Street might be? To gain a little insight into the answer to that question, watch these two videos:""",,0_0
"1) I agree with the Burger and Cubasch results and conclusions in general. Indeed, all NH reconstructions published to date gives a qualitative information only: For example, MWP and the Current Warming are warmer than LIA. But it is impossible to conclude with a certainty: either CW or MWP is warmer. It is even more so as concern centennial and decadal variations because these latter variations usually are of regional character.",,5_1
"Not enough to support the puppies more docile and loving: For best results, you have to really kill all the other puppies",,0_0
"One sponsor is Silicon Valley's Zoe Lofgren, ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee's immigration subcommittee. Another, who apparently copied much of Lofgren's bill, is Idaho freshman Republican Raul Labrador.",,0_0
Question: What is the magnitude of this bias in the analyses of the global surface temperature trends?,,0_0
"But the climate science community has allowed itself to be used on this issue, and as a result, politicians, activists, and the media have successfully portrayed the biased science as settled.",,5_2
"The Corps had already done an environmental impact study that was approved by the EPA. A second study satisfying the judge's requirements, such as examining the mating habits of certain fish, may have taken ten years, the Corps feared. So the Corps went with what was regarded as the second-best option, building higher levees.",,0_0
"Canada benefits as China attempts to squeeze the rare-earth minerals supply . No doubt greens will soon be slamming the rare earth mines as hard as the oil sands, until they figure out that rare earths are needed to make every wind turbine and electric car.",,0_0
"When the secondary cosmic rays interact in the monitor, (actually in lead surrounding the counters) they cause nuclear disintegrations, or stars. These stars are composed of charged fragments and neutrons typically in the energy range of tens to hundreds of MeV (million electron-volts), even up to GeV energies. As a result of these high energy nuclear interactions, there will be more secondary fragments generated than incident particles and hence there is a multiplier effect for the counters. The neutrons are moderated and then counted using Boron tri-fluoride (BF3) proportional counters which are efficient thermal neutron detectors; hence the name neutron monitor.",,0_0
"Speaking of elections, Ontario Wind Turbines Slice Liberal Politicians",,0_0
"For moderate progressives, then, the very impatience and lofty ambitions that animate liberal progressives were seen to be the causes of Republican and conservative victory. Moderate progressives like Bill Clinton believed that voters would choose conservative Republicans if they were not offered a Democratic alternative that sought to modernize Roosevelt's legacy for modern times. By pledging to end welfare as we know it"" and support the people who ""work hard and play by the rules,"" Clinton sought to place that alternative before Americans. He did, and he won.""",,0_0
"Follow James Pethokoukis on Twitter at @JimPethokoukis, and AEIdeas at @AEIdeas.",,0_0
"The Science and Public Policy Institute has published an analysis of the leaked climategate emails. This 149-page document takes the emails in chronological order and shows, with comments on each message, how science was perverted.",,5_2
"The global war against fossil fuels is a war against progress, prosperity, and the poor. No one has ever explained this better than Stephen Moore and Kathleen Hartnett White do in Fueling Freedom.",,4_5
"A 2007 Newsweek cover story on climate change skeptics reported, In April 1998, a dozen people from the denial machineincluding the Marshall Institute, Fred Singer's group, and Exxonmet at the American Petroleum Institute's Washington headquarters. They proposed a $5 million campaign, according to a leaked eight-page memo, to convince the public that the science of global warming is riddled with controversy and uncertainty.""",,0_0
"On average, Antarctic sea ice reaches minimum on 20th February, about a month earlier, relatively speaking, than the Arctic. It is likely then that we will see a new record high minimum set this month. The current record was set in 2008, with 3.691 million sq km.",,1_1
"UPDATE: The ABC are running scared from real debate again. My polite comment with links to the original Composta article, and links to my analysis of Lewandowsky is another ABC Reject. (My comment was essentially the words between - and - above.)",,0_0
Low-flow toilets cause a stink in SF:,,0_0
suspected us of doing and what the nonpublished diagram from NCAR showing,,0_0
"Recent research has pointed not to an imminent revolution in renewable energy, but rather to its limitations. Solar and wind power combined produce less electricity than what is generated from hydroelectric power alone. All renewables are dwarfed in their contribution to total U.S. energy by oil, gas and coal.",,4_4
This theory was used to make predictions by at least 73 computer models. Thirty years of observations has proven every prediction wrong. Therefore their theory is wrong. That is how science works.,,5_1
Green alarmist Ticky Fullerton on Lateline Business rings the lepers bell before interviewing warming sceptic Professor Ian Plimer:,,5_2
"BEDEMIR: Aah, but can you not also build bridges out of stone?",,0_0
Models also failed to replicate the 60-year and 200-year cycles in monsoon rainfall linked to solar cycles that are reflected in studies of ocean sediments from the Arabian Sea.,,0_0
Heartland's Horace Cooper on The O'Reilly Factor!,,0_0
"Graeme Pearman and Eigil Friis-Christensen, Mittagong, April 5, 2008",,0_0
Then there is this guy. Really has a Kaczinski In The Cabin look ;-) but also make an interesting point of it all; at about 2 minutes.,,0_0
"From the time the Freon phase out"" began, virtually hundreds of millions of refrigeration systems worldwide had to be replaced. This included automobiles, homes, businesses, and food and medical refrigerators. The systems still functioned, but they could not be economically recharged with CFCs (does this sound familiar?). This enormous cost continues to be silently passed on to consumers. It is important to recognize that the alternatives to CFCs are many orders of magnitude more expensive than CFCs themselves. This is roughly analogous to comparing the cost per kwh of electricity produced by coal versus solar or wind.""",,0_0
"Mr. Matteoli claimed after the meeting he had been supported by Spain and to a lesser extent Finland, where doubts over EU climate policy have recently surfaced. Nevertheless, the final text was adopted unanimously.",,0_0
"Since 1998 the global mean temperature has not risen significantly. While the global temperature rose by about 0.5C from the 1970s until the end of the 1990s, it has stagnated for the last 15 years, though at a high level. The stagnation surprised a lot of experts, who are now searching for possible causes for this development.",,1_4
"New data from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show atmospheric carbon dioxide levels are continuing to rise but global temperatures are not following suit. The new data undercut assertions that atmospheric carbon dioxide is causing a global warming crisis.NOAA data show atmospheric carbon dioxide levels rose 2.67 parts per million in 2012, to 395 ppm. The jump was the second highest since 1959, when scientists began measuring atmospheric carbon dioxide levels.Global temperatures are essentially the same today as they were in 1995, when atmospheric carbon dioxide levels were merely 360 ppm. Atmospheric carbon dioxide levels rose 10 percent between 1995 and 2012, yet global temperatures did not rise at all. Global warming activists are having a difficult time explaining the ongoing disconnect between atmospheric carbon dioxide levels and global temperatures.Read the full story in my weekly Forbes.com article, available here.",,1_4
"In Canada, Action Plan 2000 earmarked $210 million in government funding to promote technologies that reduced greenhouse gas emissions in industry and transportation and gave $125 million to cities to encourage use of such technologies. Another $100 million went to promote foreign demand for these Canadian solutions. Despite these efforts, Canada's greenhouse gas emissions in 2002 were the highest ever. This puts Canada well off the mark of reducing emissions by 5.2 per cent from 1990 levels as called for in the Kyoto Protocol.",,4_2
"Basically rgbatduke argued that model methods to create spectra for chemical elements such as carbon had limitations; that there was a history of improvement of models; the average of such successive models was meaningless; they did not succeed without some computational judgment; and even then, they were not as good as the measured result. The same comments should be applied to the various climate model comparisons shown in the spaghetti graph, particularly the meaningless average. Climate models were stated to be far more complex than atomic spectral calculations.",,5_1
"At first, the assault on government worked, at least electorally. Just as the Gingrich strategy brought, in 1994, the first Republican majority in the House in 40 years, the Young Guns and establishment leaders' strategy resulted in a huge Republican majority in the House in 2010 and then a Republican majority in the Senate, and gains to solidify the House majority in 2014.",,0_0
"Problems with surface measurements are notorious. Recording stations are sparse, even nonexistent in vital global locations, most particularly throughout the Southern Hemisphere and in remote polar regions. After 1970 the number of reporting stations dropped suddenly and drastically. (Stations at airports have seemed to be unaffected, and may even have increased in number.) And as John noted, urban heat islands have developed over time, not to mention problems resulting from faulty placements of temperature recording instruments which have to be corrected"" by applying subjective ""homogenizing' (tuning) procedures.""",,5_1
"Sure enough, the Climategate emailers, who effectively but invisibly control the UN's climate panel to a dangerous extent, pretended that Professor Reiter's nomination papers had not been received. He then threw all his toys out of the stroller, produced the recorded-delivery slips, and made it plain that he would name the four defalcating bureaucrats to whom his nomination papers had been delivered unless the climate panel changed its mind.",,5_2
"Quoting the six scientists, after 7 weeks, plants grown under an elevated CO 2 concentration showed an increase of 77% in photosynthesis, 56% in tillering, 104% in leaf area, 92% in height and 91% in total biomass."" In addition, they say that the CO 2 -enriched plants ""also had a lower stomatal conductance (-40%) and higher water use efficiency (62%).""",,3_3
"Next time modelers tell us that they can??t produce the modern warm period without a major effect from CO2, just smile and remind them that their models don??t include solar magnetic effects, nor any potential lunar forcing, so it??s not surprising that they can??t predict our climate.",,5_1
"Some of President Obama's personal habits also rub working-class voters the wrong way. The president's urbane articulateness and emphasis on rational argumentation attracts many highly educated voters, but is offputting to the working class. His preternatural calm and seeming lack of emotion also work against him. These traits have been lampooned by Doonesbury and commented on in the recent New York Times Magazine profile, but historically, working-class voters have been drawn to politicians who connect with them on an emotional level, from FDR to Ronald Reagan to Bill Clinton. They need their politicians to demonstrate warmth and humor; they respond to speakers who use example, story, and narrative as much as specific analysis to make their points. President Obama's aloof and academic manner is the exact opposite of what working-class voters want in their leaders.",,0_0
"The proposals are contained in a draft document pieced together for the climate conference in Durban, South Africa. Representatives at the conference are struggling to come up with a compromise that negotiators from 194 nations can agree on.",,0_0
"Back on August 6, 2010 , when the UK BOM was predicting a warm winter, and every Met Agency in the West was already declaring that 2010 would be the hottest year ever, Bryan Leyland predicted (on a global scale) that before the end of the year, there would be significant cooling. As you can see from the chart, this is exactly what happened.",,1_3
"Will Hutton, a stockbroker turned left-wing talking head, reviews the climate debate in the aftermath of the Rio conference. It's mostly fairly ill-informed:",,0_0
"For reasons that remain unclear, Hantemirov objected to the calculation (see comments within post) and, once again, Real Climate screeched in fury.",,0_0
"There is no evidence at all of an increasing trend over the last decade and temperatures since 2006 have averaged 15.8C, a similar level to the late 1940s.",,1_4
"It was raining in Anchorage in December, 2002 which happens about once every ten years according to the National Weather Service.",,0_0
"The Economist confidently waffles that The mystery of the pause in global warming may have been solved, in Davy Joness heat locker.The oceans may be absorbing the warming.",,1_4
Clean Energy Incentive Program: Why It Makes EPA's Power Plant Rule Even More Unlawful,,0_0
"We have on occasion, criticised our fellow sceptics. Our arguments are that environmentalism isnt a new form of Left-wing ideology, and that the climate debate wont be settled by science, because environmentalism is a political phenomenon. Were not particularly interested in challenging sceptics arguments, because they dont have any influence over the political agenda. Climate scepticism is inconsequential in this respect. Environmentalism, on the other hand, is deeply political. It asks for the reorganisation of the world. We also argue that dividing the debate into sceptics/deniers and scientists is really very unhelpful, and it lumps people together who really dont share much. Would you really lump Franny Armstrong, or, for that matter, the likes of George Monbiot, in with respected climate scientists, for instance?",,5_2
"then it should come as no surprise that the IPCCs climate models without anthropogenic forcings cant simulate the warming observed during the late warming period of 1976-2000 either, Figure 5.",,5_1
"Here is a little of what he said: This legislation is based on a lie and is fraudulent in that, rather than reducing carbon emissions, published Treasury modelling shows such emissions will actually increase if this scheme is introduced. (Piers Ackerman, Daily Telegraph )",,5_2
"on your payroll taxes, each extra dollar that taxes are raised will",,0_0
Western provinces can expect a fifth-consecutive deep freeze to move in and stay.,,0_0
"Why risk their reputations and challenge accepted"" science on this one issue if they didn't have honest concerns? Besides, since when is it a crime to question ""accepted"" science?""",,0_0
"There is quite a bit of confusion about the nature of hockey stick temperature constructions. Currently, many non-paleo climate scientists seem to want to avoid the discussion altogether. However, these studies are still freely passed through review, which seems to me a very biased point of view. I reported here , on an open review of a paper written by Ammann on a different method for scaling proxies to correct for variance loss in proxies. As I read it, it looks like a method which will get closer to a proper solution but not fix the problems. It seems that some climate scientists have fully recognized the problem of Mannian style reconstructions and are interested in improving the results.",,5_1
"Since Hansens forecast was made, sea level in New York has risen less than 2 inches. The rate of sea level rise shows no correlation withatmosphericCO2.",,1_6
"At a time when the Republican presidential candidates are swiftly backing away from past moderate environmental positions, Newt Gingrich may be the only one with a book pending on the topic.",,0_0
"They state: we have shown that bad weather may affect electoral outcomes by significantly decreasing Democratic presidential vote share, to the benefit of Republicans"". And they make a compelling case that weather has decided some presidential elections.""",,0_0
"Professor Ray Bates gave a paper in Moscow in summer 2015 in which he concluded, based on the analysis by Lindzen & Choi (2009, 2011) (Fig. T10), that temperature feedbacks are net-negative. Accordingly, he supports the conclusion both by Lindzen & Choi (1990) (Fig. T10) and by Spencer & Braswell (2010, 2011) that climate sensitivity is below and perhaps considerably below 1 C per CO2 doubling.",,3_1
"The next day, Gore again took a shot at the opponents who he said denied him the use of Washington's famous Mall - the area surrounding the Smithsonian Institution museums between the Capitol and the Washington Monument - and the press again largely parroted his claim. In his speech at National Museum of the American Indian last Saturday, which the Paris-based wire service AFP called a thinly veiled hit on members of President George W. Bush's Republican party,"" Gore declared, ""Some who don't understand what is now at stake tried to stop this event on the Mall.""",,0_0
It was only in the late 1890s that there are greater than five stations of raw data. The first year there are more data points left in than removed is 1909 (5 against 4).,,0_0
"Im game. Since this is a game, Im not going to provide a lot of caveats for my method.",,0_0
"Herrick and Thomas conclude that atmospheric CO 2 enrichment stimulates the seasonally integrated carbon gain of sweetgum trees by increasing rates of leaf photosynthesis, but not by changing leaf phenology. They also demonstrate that the CO 2 -induced stimulation of photosynthesis has now persisted in these specific trees for several years, with no indication it is in process of significantly declining. References",,3_3
U.S. House of Representatives. Steve King IA (202-225-4426); Tom Latham IA (-5476); John Shimkus IL (-5271); Lee Terry NE (-4155); Adam Kinzinger IL (-3635.,,0_0
"Not coincidentally, the conclave of bureaucrats also saw in global governance"" a greater role for themselves.""",,0_0
"The Committee also credited Mann with the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize that was awarded to the UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and Al Gore. This would have been impossible had his activities in reporting his work been outside accepted practices in his field,"" the committee observed. MIT's Lindzen was also a co-Nobelist, but apparently the award didn't help his credibility.""",,0_0
"Before finalizing its response to the Court, EPA must figure out how recent statutory changes in EPA's responsibility regarding fuel economy and renewable fuel standards would affect the setting of auto emission standards for carbon dioxide (CO2) and other greenhouse gases--a possible outcome of Mass v. EPA.",,0_0
"Oh, please. Pachauri has systematically misled the entire world about how his organization writes its reports. He has insisted that these reports are based only on peer-reviewed literature when this is simply not the case.",,0_0
The campaign to make ?ecocide? a crime sums up the opportunism and censoriousness of the green lobby.,,0_0
CLIMATE OF FEAR | Daily Telegraph Tim Blair Blog Vote Green in Western Australia this Saturday or face the pants-wetting consequences...,,0_0
"It is no use my saying that London Underground and bus networks are performing relatively well ? touch wood ? when Heathrow, our major international airport, is still effectively closed two days after the last heavy snowfall; when substantial parts of our national rail network are still struggling; when there are abandoned cars to be seen on hard shoulders all over the country; and when yet more snow is expected today, especially in the north.",,0_0
"It is also possible that the institutional innovation that has been the I.P.C.C. has run its course. Yes, there will be an AR5 but for what purpose? The I.P.C.C. itself, through its structural tendency to politicize climate change science, has perhaps helped to foster a more authoritarian and exclusive form of knowledge production .",,5_2
"ethanol last year, yet it provided only one per cent of the countrys",,0_0
There has been a good deal of research over the years aimed towards assessing the impacts of human health from air pollution from coal-fired utilities. And empirical relationships have been developed which attempt to link atmospheric levels of various air pollutants to changes in the human mortality rate. The sensitivity portrayed in these concentration-response curves varies largely from research study to research study.,,0_0
"Bob Carter is a member of a small group of Australian scientists (although he was born in the UK and mostly educated in New Zealand) who, having attained a distinguished position in their disciplines (he is a paleo-climatologist), were willing to put their reputations on the line by speaking out against the most extraordinary fraud in the history of Western science: the fantasy that by controlling anthropogenic emissions of carbon dioxide, mankind can control global temperatures; a miraculous global thermostat.",,5_2
The Hill reported today that President Obama has not wavered in his commitment to reducing carbon dioxide levels and fighting man-made climate change:,,0_0
"The full Wilkins 6,000 square mile ice shelf is just 0.39% of the current ice sheet (just 0.1% of the extent last September). Only a small portion of it between 1/10th-1/20th of Wilkins has separated so far, like an icicle falling off a snow and ice covered house. And this winter is coming on quickly. In fact the ice is returning so fast, it is running an amazing 60% ahead (4.0 vs 2.5 million square km extent) of last year when it set a new record. The ice extent is already approaching the second highest level for extent since the measurements began by satellite in 1979 and just a few days into the Southern Hemisphere winter and 6 months ahead of the peak. Wilkins like all the others that temporarily broke up will refreeze soon. We are very likely going to exceed last years record. Yet the world is left with the false impression Antarcticas ice sheet is also starting to disappear.",,1_1
"Anyway, to get back to the cherry-picking and selection bias issue, the study is pretty clear that it thinks that more spending"" is a failed strategy for improving public education""",,0_0
"Reason seems to be winning the day now, but a multi-billion dollar political adventure wont be going away anytime soon.",,0_0
"In the prior chart, much of around 7000 to 8000 years ago was particularly warm, more so than now. Such was part of the Holocene Climate Optimum. Research at Oak Ridge National Laboratory remarks (bolding added):",,2_1
Joe Bastardi Discusses The Record August Weather Turnaround,,0_0
"Should the actual recorded data of world temperature, sea levels, storms, droughts, floods and all the rest be banned from our classrooms? Is comparing this data to the pronouncements of highly funded global warming pressure groups heresy?",,0_0
"Note: Box, et al in 2009 claim to have found from 1-1.5C of warming since around 1900 when this chart leaves off. It is very, very , very dangerous to splice data sets together, but one probably has to add a degree or so to the tail of the chart to bring it up to date, putting current warming about at the Medieval level but below earlier Holocene temperatures.",,0_0
"Remember these scientists and politicians just got on the world stage and literally screamed at the world that, if we dont let them tax us hundreds of billions of dollars and send it to small generally communist, undeveloped countries , the world will die. As an ignorant conservative, you couldnt get me to do that except by gunpoint. Of all things we know, we know the solution presented, was a FAKE!",,0_0
"In the words of the authors, the difference in effects of elevated CO 2 on green leaf tissue and leaf litter presented in this study confirms that the litter quality hypothesis of Strain and Bazzaz (1983) may not be realized in a high CO 2 atmosphere,"" as has also been noted by Norby et al . (2001) . Hence, they conclude that ""potential increases in desert productivity with elevated CO 2 thus may not be limited by reduced leaf litter quality."" This finding is extremely good news for the biosphere, for it means, as the authors also report, that ""deserts are expected to be among the most responsive ecosystems to elevated CO 2 , with increases in productivity leading to potential increased C sequestration."" References""",,3_3
Cap-and-trade attacks went both ways for Romney in New Hampshire primary,,0_0
"Furthermore, from 1940 to 1970, carbon dioxide built up rapidly in the atmosphere, and according to the computer projections of climate, the temperature of the earth should also have risen rapidly. Instead, as the chart shows, the temperature dropped.",,2_3
"To better understand the context of global warming since the industrial period started in 1850, it is also important to study pre-industrial temperature development when atmospheric CO 2 concentrations were low and fairly stable at about 280 ppm. Obviously any change in climate during those pre-industrial times would essentially have to be owing to natural factors. Geological studies from all over the world have documented the occurrence of significant climate fluctuations during the last 10,000 years. Warm phases and cold phases alternated about every thousand years, often in sync with changes in solar activity. For example 1000 years ago, during the Islamic Period in Portugal, average global temperatures were at or above the present-day level. This period is referred to as the Medieval Warm Period and coincides with a phase of high solar activity.",,2_1
* Atmospheric satellite temperature trend over land (RSS MSU-LT) = 0.3 F/decade,,0_0
"For example, if we say that the Earth is in numerical flux equilibrium with the Sun, and mistake this for conserving energy, then that would mean that the Earth must emit the same flux of energy as it receives the Sun. Therefore the Earth must emit 480 W/m2on average since that is what it receives from the Sun on an instantaneous basis.",,0_0
Slsar our politicians and AP funds away our pension money on green (s) dreams?,,0_0
"Barely two months after the inauguration ceremony for Germanys first pilot offshore wind farm, Alpha Ventus in the North Sea, all six of the newly installed wind turbines were completely idle, due to gearbox damage. Two turbines must be replaced entirely; the other four repaired.",,4_4
Well I don't know whether you've ever seen the South Park episode about Lemmiwinks the gerbil and Mister Slave. But basically they all re-enacted that journey on an epic scale. None of them ever came back.,,0_0
"Carbon dioxide is not a pollutant, he always emphasized. It is a plant-fertilizing trace gas (400 ppm or 0.04% of the atmosphere), essential for photosynthesis and life on Earth. Rising CO2 levels are increasing crop, forest, and grassland growth, improving ecosystems and wildlife, and feeding more people. In fact, the 50-ppm increase in atmospheric CO2 between 1981 and 2010 fertilized an 11% boost in plant cover worldwide. Moreover, current CO2 levels are quite low relative to their levels across geological time, meaning terrestrial, fresh water, and oceanic plant life is currently starved for CO2 by comparison.",,3_3
"There is nothing like the gradual frndring that we see now, but HR is all about big differences in the short time. One can shake a stick that depends on large-scale svngningar in the atmosphere might be vstvindarna has changed radically, he says.",,0_0
"IPCC AR5 climate model simulations are using the reconstruction from Wang, Lean, Sheeley (2005). Other recent estimates of long term solar variability: Kirova et al. 2011, Shapiro et al. 2011 .",,0_0
"There are no discernible trends in rainfall patterns. The average UK precipitation for 2002-11 is 1150mm p.a., and compares to the long term 1971-2000 average of 1126mm. There has been little change either in seasonal or geographical distribution.",,0_0
"d) course is all ovanstende very frenklat, and I could count up about 20 things that do not nmnts, or modeled in. Haven is also never ensi jmvikt due to temperature variations, layering and varying pressure and strmning between them which affects jmvikter SVL as kinetics. We also have continuous tillfrsel avnederbrd directly or via rivers. Parallel to the oceans, we also vxtligheten on land and organisms in the ocean vsentliga pools in kolomsttningen on Earth. But the principles and allmnna behavior from chemical kinetic processes frblir same.",,0_0
"Other fraud is evident through public exposure of e-mail files retrieved from the Climate Research Unit (CRU) at Britain's University of East Anglia. Scandalous exchanges among prominent researchers who have fomented global warming hysteria confirm long-standing and broadly suspected manipulations of climate data. The communications also reveal conspiracies to falsify and withhold information, to suppress contrary findings in scholarly publications, and to exaggerate the existence and threats of man-made global warming. Many of these individuals have had major influence over summary report findings issued by the IPCC. Still other evidence comes from mouths of government officials, international climate summit organizers and leading science spokespeople recorded in candid public admissions.",,5_2
The gulf between the hard realities of the global energy market and the Obama administration's energy policies grows wider by the day.,,0_0
Differences in vulnerability and exposure arise from non-climatic factors and from multidimensional inequalities often produced by uneven development processes.,,0_0
"If such emissions are taken into account, much of the ethanol produced from corn could fail to meet Congress's requirements.",,0_0
simulate the processes that are the building blocks of climate variability.,,0_0
"As regards coral bleaching, in the words of Wall et al ., the present results clearly support a null effect for high pCO 2 ."" Or as they state in the final sentence of their paper's abstract, ""short-term exposure to 81.5 Pa pCO 2 , alone and in combination with elevated temperature, does not cause or affect coral bleaching."" Reviewed 7 May 2014""",,3_2
Youve visited this page many times. Last visit: 5/10/12,,0_0
"to prevent reciprocal cooperation (or pal review""): I'll be nice""",,0_0
"Frank Pallone (D- N.J.) will introduce a bill that would create an emission trading system amongst electric power plants with caps on emissions. According to the BNA Daily Environment Report (July 2, 1999) the bill would impose a cap and allow trading of nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, and carbon dioxide emission allowances."" Also, it ""would amend the Federal Power Act and require the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to set standards for those pollutants' cap levels.""",,0_0
This one is about 1/2 hour and I think it was the one I was supposed to look at:,,0_0
"The changes to the UAH dataset can obviously be justified, while the changes to the NOAA data obviously cannot be.",,5_1
Oil prices have surged in the last few days and are now less than a dollar from where they were when President Obama made the controversial decision to tap the nation's strategic reserve last Thursday.,,0_0
"In Weingarts view, climate science has abused its position in goingfar beyond policy advising. They now insistthatthe rest of the world dance to its tune. Weingart cites examples of humans alreadybeing forced to alter their behaviour: carbon trading, changing light bulbs, basing purchasing decisions on climate impact, to name a few.",,4_1
"To be effective, a new set of institutions would have to be imbued with heavy-handed, transnational enforcement powers",,0_0
"Significant centennial-length trends in the zonal SST and SLP gradients rivaling those estimated from observations and model simulations forced with increasing CO 2 appear to be inherent features of the internal climate dynamics simulated by all three models. Unforced variability and trends on the centennial time scale therefore need to be addressed in estimated uncertainties, beyond more traditional signal-to-noise estimates that do not account for natural variability on the centennial time scale.",,2_1
"Otherwise, the Copenhagen Accord's negligible effect on the climate will have been achieved at the expense of the Australian Constitution, of your right to hold and work your property, and I fear of Peter Spencer's life. If he dies, Kevin Rudd must resign. If I had my way, he would stand trial for crimes against humanity.",,0_0
Meltdown cuts Antarctic flights Tasmania News The Mercury The ...,,0_0
"Morning is incredibly cold. If I take my mittens off, my hands are instantly numb. I have to watch them as I build a fire to boil water for oatmeal and hot chocolate.",,0_0
"Almost the entire Tube system was running yesterday and we would have done even better if it had not been for a suicide on the Northern Line, and the temporary stoppage that these tragedies entail. Of London's 700 bus services, only 50 were on diversion, mainly in the hillier areas. On Saturday, we managed to keep the West End plentifully supplied with customers, and retailers reported excellent takings on what is one of the busiest shopping days of the year.",,0_0
"The model is the Hadley Center model. Pat Michaels demonstrates the model's poor performance in P. Michaels, Meltdown: The Predictable Distortion of Global Warming by Scientists, Politicians, and the Media (Washington, DC: Cato, 2004). Michaels critiques the PNAS study here: www.co2andclimate.org/wca/2004/wca 23bpf.html.",,0_0
"Under normal circumstances, you could expect that those people will at least try to lie to their readers and pretend that they're impartial and un-corrupt and that they could a priori reach conclusions of either sign; they could a priori agree or disagree with others. But the likes of Mr Boslough haven't even tried to pretend such a thing. The idea that they should try to be impartial, at least for a while, sounds so utterly extraterrestrial to them that they haven't even considered such an option.",,0_0
"Within our federal system . . . the states have the lead responsibility for the protection of the environment and the judicious management of their energy and other natural resources. Regulatory practices should encourage net environmental improvements, while providing a stable planning environment for energy providers and consumers as well as a well-defined planning horizon. Unnecessary federal regulations, policies, and programs should be reviewed and revised as necessary.42",,0_0
Natural components account for <15% of warming since 1890. Claims that the sun has caused as much as 70% of recent warming presents fundamental puzzles. It requires that,,2_1
Big Oil execs hit back on tax proposal:,,0_0
"(I usually say that tankeverfringens problem now is locked because there is something better way to verfra their thoughts to others n the Bertta about them, sr can just call it as you want verfra their thoughts to. Dremot we frmodligen never To be able to read the thoughts of others.)",,0_0
"We suggest that the qualitative projections for dramatic reductions in population numbers and range are overly pessimistic given the response of polar bears, climate, and sea ice to the present, Canadian scientists wrote.""",,0_0
"We were very excited when we realized a lot of changes in the past century from warmer to cooler and then back to warmer were all natural, says Anastosios Tsonis, University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee. Read more here .",,2_1
"Nicolas Loris, The Foundry , 25 July 2011",,0_0
"So they have taken two, count them, two records and averaged them!",,0_0
"We believe the claims by NASA and GISS, that man-made carbon dioxide is having a catastrophic impact on global climate change are not substantiated.",,0_0
"The author of yesterday's story, In Northern France, Warming Presses Fall Grape Harvest Into Summertime,"" apparently missed the prior story, and gets front-page treatment in the process to go on about the horrors confronting vintners:""",,0_0
"Given such findings, for this particular portion of the planet, it should be very clear that relative coolness , as opposed to relative warmth, typically leads to more extreme storms, which is just the opposite of what the world's climate alarmists continue to contend.",,1_7
"Lets be straight, I dont doubt for a moment that he is acting out of genuine belief. If someone with money was going to pick a front man for the carbon campaign, theyd pick someone with more PR nous and human savvy than Stephan Lewandowsky.",,0_0
"Apparently it was quite a day in Lochmaben. The ice had been checked by the local council and was 7-8 inches, and solid. However, someone phoned the police to say there were lots of people on the ice and they didn't think it was safe. Anne tells the story, Six police officers arrived but they couldn't go on ice to warn people because of health and safety so they passed the buck to the Nith rescue who came with a rescue boat but because of heath and safety they couldn't go on ice either. So the Coast Guard arrived, lights flashing! But guess what? Because of health and safety he couldn't go on the ice either! A great day was had by all.""",,0_0
"Once again, the natural variation of climate is shown in proxy records and closely follows variations in the solar cycle over the past 1000 years and more.",,2_1
"The Wealth of Nations was published in March 1776, just a few months before the signing of the American Declaration of Independence in July of 1776. If the American Founding Fathers articulated in TheDeclaration of Independence the political case for individual freedom, Adam Smith presented the complementary argument for economic freedom and free enterprise.",,0_0
"Social security may send you more accurate payments adjusted for inflation, adaptive optics improves some telescopes as well as Ronald Reagan's Star Wars, eyeglasses adjust some vision disorders, and similarly adjustments may be applied to remove as accurately as we can the spurious effect of various biases that affect the weather stations those arising from location changes, the time-of-observation bias, a detectable change of the instrument, and others.",,0_0
"Most critically, EPA does not apply its judgment to the core scientific issueclimate sensitivity. If climate sensitivity is low, as investigations by Dr. Richard Linden (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), Dr. William Gray (Colorado State University), and Dr. Roy Spencer (University of Alabama Huntsville) suggest, then 21st century warming is likely to be below the low-end (1.8 C) IPCC best estimate,"" and endangerment of public health and welfare is not ""reasonably anticipated.""",,0_0
"So do I think IPCC scientists are policy advocates? They seem mainly concerned with preserving the importance of the IPCC, which has become central to their professional success, funding, and influence. Most dont understand the policy process or the policy specifics; they view the policy as part an parcel of the IPCC dogma that must be protected and preserved at all cost, else their success, funding and influence will be in jeopardy.",,5_2
"In short, Congress never authorized the crediting scheme EPA now plans to implement. The CEIP makes the final CPP unlawful in a whole new way.",,0_0
EPA Regulations Will Result in 1.44 Million Job Losses,,4_1
Here Sam provides a one page discussion by Christopher Monckton on the games that people play with climate numbers.,,0_0
"Silence Begets SuspicionWhatever the reasons, one fact is indisputable: the Bush administration did silence itself by publishing its report on the state of the environment without including any discussion of global climate change data, trends, science, technology, policies, or goals. (Instead, the report covered just one global environmental issue, stratospheric ozone depletion.) Largely unnoticed by critics, however, is the fact that the censorship cut two ways. While the White House stopped EPA from publishing references to studies such as the 2001 NRC report, EPA also prevented the White House from discussing work such as a recent report by Sally Baliunas and Willie Soon that provides credible evidence that recent warming is not as unusual as environmental activists claim.",,0_0
"4. Michael Grubb, Relying on Manna from Heaven?"" Science (November 9, 2001): 1,285.""",,0_0
"In addition, these two data sets use entirely different measurement techniques. The modern data comes from thermometers and satellites, measurement approaches that we understand fairly well. The earlier data comes from some sort of proxy analysis (ice cores, tree rings, sediments, etc.) While we know these proxies generally change with temperature, there are still a lot of questions as to their accuracy and, perhaps more importantly for us here, whether they vary linearly or have any sort of attenuation of the peaks. For example, recent warming has not shown up as strongly in tree ring proxies, raising the question of whether they may also be missing rapid temperature changes or peaks in earlier data for which we dont have thermometers to back-check them (this is an oft-discussed problem called proxy divergence).",,5_1
"During his long and infamous career, Holdren has warned that the end is nigh on account of ???ecocide,?? global warming due to direct heating from power plant, global cooling due to particulate aerosol emissions, nuclear winter, population growth, and now, global warming due to greenhouse gases. Needless to say, Holdren has been proven wrong time and time again.",,5_2
"Despite the absence of any significant amounts of human-released carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, the climate was HOTTER in Roman and Medieval times than it is now.",,2_1
"If nothing else, finding a common cause amongst that lot is a major achievement!",,0_0
"Environmentalists are quick to disparage their opponents as fossil-fuel funded."" How ironic, then, that one of the largest contributors to prominent green groups since 2007 has been the natural gas industry. These donations, in turn, were used to fund anti-coal activities, including media campaigns. Needless to say, anti-coal advertisements are beneficial to the gas industry, because the two fossil fuels compete in the electricity-generating market. One cannot help but draw the inescapable conclusion that certain major environmentalist groups act like fossil-fuel shills.""",,0_0
"As the air's CO 2 concentration continues to increase, it will likely boost rates of net photosynthesis in nearly all plant species, including white clover and perennial ryegrass. These increases in photosynthesis, in turn, will likely lead to greater root production and enhanced exudation of organic compounds belowground into the soil rhizosphere, which should stimulate the growth and productivity of microbial organisms living there. The present study demonstrated that this reasoning is indeed correct: greater microbial populations existed under CO 2 -enriched plots of white clover and perennial ryegrass than under ambiently-grown plots. Consequently, one would expect earth's plants to increase their productivity even more with greater microbial populations existing beneath them, as bacterial microbes often help to make certain soil nutrients more available to plants.",,3_3
Beyond Smoke and Mirrors: Climate Change and Energy in the Twenty-first Century,,0_0
"There is a large divergence prior to 1900, but for the twentieth century the warming trend is not excessively increased. Further, the warming trend from around 1900 is about half of that in the GISTEMP Southern Hemisphere or global anomalies. Looked in this way Mearns would appear to have a point. But there has been considerable downward adjustment of the early twentieth century warming, so Homewoods claim of cooling the past is also substantiated. This might be the more important aspect, as the adjusted data makes the warming since the mid-1970s appear unusual.",,0_0
"When you get down to it, folks, it's all about money. Always follow the money. The left and the ruling class love to say that they do things out of altruism, out of compassion, big hearts, and these people are a bunch of lazy SOBs who have no business in the private sector 'cause they can't succeed there. The only way they can succeed is to be a bunch of brownnosers in the ruling class and try to move their way up that ladder and get whatever they can out of the public trough. The ruling class has gotten rich off of government.",,0_0
"Chapter 7, by Stephen R. EdwardsConserving Biodiversity: Resources for Our Future",,0_0
"The phenomenon of atmospheric backradiation' is presently advanced as an explanation of thermal conditions on Earth, and as the basis of some statements about climate change. However, scientific evaluation in strict accord with the laws of physics and mathematics suggests that ""atmospheric backradiation' is physical nonsense.""",,0_0
"Lost in the vexatious interpretations of the nonstandard language, used for arrangements in academic soft money positions, are some simple facts. The Harvard Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics employs Dr. Soon, paying him wages through money that it receives from grants, as it does for many others it employs. The grants that have been singled out by activists were like all of the others, not paid to Dr. Soon, but his employer. The Smithsonian is the sole source of his very modest living; there are no pay offs. Suggesting otherwise is false, if not a political lie. This red herring is so effective because even contesting the charges ensures that no one actually looks at the contents of the publication that set the whole thing off. Its diabolical.",,0_0
New paper at SPPI: Flood Activity in Asia,,0_0
"During 2014, sea ice extent has been above normal for 245 days, at an average of 295,000 sq km.",,1_1
"How can this be right, when the median model TCR is 40% higher than an observationally-based best estimate of 1.3C, and almost half the models have TCRs 50% or more above that? Moreover, the fact that effective model TCRs for warming to 20812100 are the 10%20% higher than their nominal TCRs means that over half the models project future warming on the RCP8.5 scenario that is over 50% higher than what an observational TCR estimate of 1.3C implies.",,5_1
"(1) Barbale (1970) and Madsen (1971, 1975) found that a tripling of the atmosphere's CO 2 concentration produced modest increases in the vitamin C concentration of tomato fruit, while Kimball and Mitchell (1981) found that atmospheric CO 2 enrichment enhanced the vitamin A content of tomatoes,",,3_3
"The result of the error is that I have underestimated the sensitivity slightly, while everything else remains the same. Instead of the sensitivities for the SH and the NH being 0.04C per W/m2 and 0.08C per W/m2 respectively in the both the current calculations, the correct sensitivities for this fat-tailed analysis should have been 0.04C per W/m2 and 0.09C per W/m2. The error was slightly larger in the previous thread, increasing them to 0.05 and 0.10 respectively. I have updated the tables above accordingly.",,0_0
Anyone whos read a book on climate change which excludes most of our media isnt surprised two top Canadian climate scientists have concluded the oilsands are insignificant to global warming.,,4_5
"The intermittent power of wind towers plays havoc with electricity grids. Power black outs in India are so bad, they cut off the supply to 600 million or so people for two days last year. To make the grid more stable, an official somewhere decided it would help to have at least one days warning of how much electricity will flow from those towers. (Why not two days I say?)",,4_4
"China announced last week that it opened the world's longest sea bridge and added a line to the world's largest high-speed rail network. Meanwhile, on this side of the Pacific, the United States is struggling to address its crumbling roads and creaky bridges.",,0_0
"Global Warming Scandal Makes Scientific Progress More Difficult, Experts Say",,0_0
"The 1989 fall of the Berlin Wall was widely remembered this past November, the 20th anniversary of one of the most momentous events in the history of human liberation. But as this year draws to a close, bear in mind that 2009 is the 20th anniversary of something even grander in the saga of Communism's collapse: the culmination of a remarkable series of Soviet Bloc revolutions, all unexpected, all surprisingly peaceful, and all amazingly swift. A popular joke at the time summed up the length of those revolutions this way: Poland10 years; Hungary10 months; East Germany10 weeks; Czechoslovakia10 days; Romania10 hours.",,0_0
"In Sub-Saharan Africa, some 615 million (100 million more than in the U.S., Canada, and Mexico combined) still lack this life-saving technology, and 730 million (the population of Europe) still cook and heat with wood, charcoal, and animal dung. Millions die every year from lung and intestinal diseases, due to breathing smoke from open fires and not having the safe food and water that electricity brings.",,0_0
A spokesVole said attackers can exploit the bug to infect the PC of somebody who visits a malicious website and then take control of the victims computer.,,0_0
"According to NOAAs new publication, Explaining Extremes of 2013 from a Climate Perspective, there is no discernible connection between global warming and 2013 extreme weather events such as the California drought, Colorado floods, the UKs exceptionally cold spring, a South Dakota blizzard, Central Europe floods, a northwestern Europe cyclone, and exceptional snowfall in Europes Pyrenees Mountains.",,1_7
President Obama and other world leaders are in Paris for talks to limit climate-altering emissions.,,0_0
Harrison Schmidt was the last man to walk on the moon and the first denier in this letter to the editor of the Brigham Young University student newspaper.,,0_0
"That episode is apt because of the central role trust plays and because of the role puzzle solvers play in uncovering that the do-gooder aliens cannot be trusted. Serving, of course, has now taken on new meanings, as in you got served or pwned. With the release of the news that Mann successfully instructed Wahl to delete emails, its clear that Mann got served or pwned by Wahl; but more importantly, he got served or assisted by Dr. Pell, Dr. Scaroni, Dr Brune, and Dr. Foley. Who are they? They are the Penn State team who served Dr. Mann by purporting to exonerate him in the Penn State inquiry, despite Mann??s own non-responsive response to a key question being on its face evasive, and begging followup questions. Regardless, Mann??s non-answer did not even purport to support their conclusion about his actions. In short, they covered for him.",,5_2
"Thus proving to be rude, ignorant, and unable to reason. He is at least up front about it. It was honest of him to CC Bob Carter in at the start. Though it appears to be more unfounded arrogance than an attempt to communicate.",,0_0
"(They mention lots of other possible hurdles; I don't want to copy their paper here, however.)",,0_0
11a. Data availability for climate change analysis is currently adequate or inadequate,,0_0
"Idso pointed out that there is a huge body of literature on the biological impacts of rising temperatures and atmospheric CO2 levels that the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) ignores. He emphatically stated that atmospheric CO2 is not a pollutant. In fact, increased levels of CO2 reduce the negative effects of a number of plant stresses including: high salinity, low light, high and low temperatures, insufficient water, air pollution, and protects against herbivores i.e. being eaten by animals and insects.",,3_3
A junk science-fueld attack on insecticides continues.,,0_0
"Last summer, when Israeli and Palestinian leaders agreed to the Obama administration's plan to renew face-to-face negotiations without preconditions, most opinion makers reacted with deep skepticism. They and most Middle East experts quickly lined up to dub the negotiations a frivolous confrontation between an Israeli leader who wants no agreement and a Palestinian leader too weak to get one.",,0_0
"CO2 is a beneficial element in our atmosphere and increases the growth rate of crops and forests, as many scientific studies have shown.",,3_3
"What it means The final geocenter-corrected result of Baur et al . is most heartening, as Chambers et al . (2012) indicate that sea level has been rising on average by 1.7 mm/year over the last 110 years,"" as is also suggested by the analyses of Church and White (2006) and Holgate (2007). Concomitantly, the air's CO 2 concentration has risen byclose to a third. And, still,it has not impacted the rate-of-rise of global sea level!""",,1_6
"In describing the intrusion of foreign actors into U.S. domestic policy, Fonte uses a phrase of former German Foreign Minister Joschka Fischer, global domestic politics,"" which neatly captures the problem. In the globalista view, there is no room for national variation from their norms, or tolerance for contrary majorities in different countries. This attitude explains the ongoing efforts to homogenize E.U. member states, and the growing tendency to second-guess what have been seen historically as entirely domestic issues. Fonte focuses primarily on how various seemingly innocuous international ""human rights"" conventions, and numerous U.N. bodies (such as the United Nations Human Rights Council), have been used to criticize and harass the United States in recent years.""",,0_0
"Yet, they would never substantially reduce the climate sensitivity of their models to produce less warming, as seen in nature. In other words, if warming hasn?t materialized, then we must have faith that it will eventually appear ? because the climate system must be really sensitive?",,3_1
"With climate change we often assume that populations simply need to move poleward to escape warming, but our study shows that in the ocean, the escape routes are more complex, says ecologist Lauren Buckley of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, also a co-author of the paper.",,0_0
"/s/ Dr. Christopher C. Kraft JSC, Apollo Flight Director and Director of Johnson Space Center, 24 years",,0_0
"By Jo Nova, Her Blog, Aug 11, 2015",,0_0
"Would a straight shooterconcoct anything as weirdly convoluted as this rule? The Clean Air Act defines performance standard as a standard for emissions of air pollutants which reflects the degree of emission limitation achievable through the application of the best system of emission reduction which . . . the Administrator determines has been adequately demonstrated. The EPA picked 1,000 lbs CO2/MWh as the standard because that is a typical emissions rate of new NGCC power plants. But NGCC is a type of power plant, not a system of emission reduction.Gas turbines have been adequately demonstrated only as power sources not as emission reduction systems for coal boil ers. To my knowledge, the EPA has neverbeforeselected a performance standard such that one type of facility can comply only by being something other than what it is .",,0_0
"We would reject the multi-model mean trend as too warm relative to the observed trend if we based our judgement on trends computed starting in 2001, 2002. For these cases, the observed trend falls below the lower 95% confidence interval for the multi-model mean.",,5_1
"This picture was taken soon after it was completed. It was lovely and green on the day that we visited, with people walking all over ...",,0_0
"Most of the Left wants to measure access to health care by the percentage of people who have health insurance,implyingthat those without insurance have no access to care. But in fact the uninsured in the US have access to better health care than most other people in the world.",,0_0
"Matthysen et al . emphasize that synchronization of the nestling period with the food supply not only depends on first-egg dates but also on additional reproductive parameters including laying interruptions, incubation time and nestling growth rate."" And as a result of adjustments in these several related phenomena, they report that ""both of our study species have been able to maintain synchrony with their food supply in the face of global warming.""",,3_2
"The committee asked Mann about e-mails that mention Dr. Stephen McIntyre, one of the scientists credited with debunking Mann's hockey stick. While Mann told the committee that there was no merit whatsoever to Mr. McIntyre's claims here ,"" the committee didn't interview McIntyre.""",,0_0
"In short, Professor Davis's data do not buttress the case for alarm but rather call it into question.",,0_0
"Again in Sheffield, the number of days over 30.0C are on the decline, and in the last decade has been less than the 30s, 40s and 70s.",,1_7
"At a time when painful public expenditure cuts are unavoidable, it makes no sense whatever to increase the scale of the cuts required in the public services by committing to spending, wholly unnecessarily and to no practical purpose, increasing sums on non-carbon energy subsidies.",,4_2
"We conclude that the first explanation offered by Santer et al. provides the most parsimonious explanation for the divergence between surface and lower troposphere temperature trends, based on recent research suggestive of biases in the surface temperature record. Our findings suggest that the supposed reconciliation of differences between surface and satellite datasets has not occurred.",,5_1
"Granted, all my numbers may change a bit if different assumptions are made about the baseline scenario, the particulars of international cooperation, or the various parameters of the climate model simulator (for example, I used a climate sensitivity of 3.0 C). But the bottom line will remain the same?climatologically, the Kerry-Lieberman American Power Act, in and of itself, is a meaningless bill. To make it effective, it must involve the world?s developing counties.",,4_2
9% Support For Barack W Bush,,0_0
"> >> >>case-studies exist, yet there is no comprehensive information",,0_0
Many coupled general circulation models (GCMs) of the atmosphere tend to underpredict the presence of subtropical marine stratocumulus clouds and fail to predict the seasonal cycle of such clouds. These deficiencies are important because marine stratocumulus clouds have a major impact on sea surface temperatures below them; and they thereby impact many subsidiary phenomena with far-reaching climatic consequences. What was done,,5_1
"So having an archive named Archive Chewy and a working set named Working Droid lets you only decrypt the active part of your files and leaving the more stable set even less likely to be accessible. Keep a backup copy on a removable drive so if the malware tries to re-write and / or append and screws up the bits so the decrypt fails, you dont lose it all",,0_0
"Throughout the wine-producing world, from France to South Africa to California, vintners are in the vanguard of confronting the impact of climate change. Rising temperatures are forcing unprecedented early harvests, changing the tastes of the best-known varieties of wine and threatening the survival of centuries-old wine-growing regions.",,0_0
"Essential MTT for living r lskunnighet and barnaddlighet. And where it's just to note lskunnigheten has never been higher and barnaddligheten has never been lower. In short, we are not only more n ngonsin, but we mr also better n ngonsin.",,0_0
"17 Behold, thou art called a Jew, and restest in the law, and makest thy boast of God,",,0_0
"The mainstream media, which used to encourage the renewables push enthusiastically, is beginning to sober up too. With more and more cracks beginning to appear, many newspapers are returning to their proper role as the fourth estate, exposing the pitfalls of Europe?s green-energy gamble and opening their pages for thorough analysis and debate. Today, European media is full of news and commentary about the problems of an ill-conceived strategy that is becoming increasingly shaky and divisive.",,0_0
"We have been through a dark time when blacklists of scientists who disagree with the IPCC climate orthodoxy have been drawn up, editors have been threatened with being forced out of their jobs for allowing dissenting papers to be published in journals, correct science which disproves the orthodoxy position has been ignored and witch hunts on skeptical scientists and bloggers have been promoted.",,5_2
"Sen. Kennedy, in an admirable statesman-like gesture, has underscored why that trend ought to be reversedand why his plan, to allow appointments only until an expedited election can occur, with the appointees declaring themselves non-candidates for the election should be universally applied. The way Massachusetts made its law, and the consequences of it, are cringe-worthy. Now, thanks to Kennedy, Massachusetts can be a model for the rest of the states.",,0_0
"Farm special interests lobbied fiercely against including indirect emissions, arguing that the science was inexact. The environmentalists prevailed. In early May of this year, the EPA announced it would include the controversial emissions in its calculation of ethanol's lifecycle emissions.",,0_0
"Today, an unpaid contributor to the Huffington Post filed a $105 million suit against the website; its new owner, AOL; and co-founders Arianna Huffington and Kenneth Lerer. The class action suit, filed by writer and union organizer Jonathan Tasini on behalf of all unpaid HuffPo contributors, proves that we're becoming a nation of Winklevosses who file legal motion after legal motion every time a pot of money is spotted.",,0_0
"A recent review by the South Australian Research and Development Institute (SARDI) and CSIRO suggested that the line could shift as far as Clare Valley by 2070 under the most extreme climate change scenario. However, it is more likely that the line would stay roughly where it is now or move just north of Jamestown.",,0_0
"But when it comes to climate change they insist that ?Big Oil? is pouring billions and billions of dollars into skeptic?s bank accounts. They are not. I have not received one dime of money from any oil company nor do I know anyone who has. But the claim is, Big Oil is essentially employing skeptics to do their dirty work for them. If it were true part of that dirty work would be defending the right to use fossil fuels to power the world today and tomorrow despite the UN?s assertion that the developed world has expropriated the future from the developing nations because they ?used up all the carbon space in the air.?",,0_0
Yet another winter storm!Gov. Pat McCrory declares a state of emergency.,,0_0
"Welcome to the fascinating world of EPA benefit/cost analysis. Before this truck rule and the other components of the Obama climate policy were promulgated, the administration conducted an analysis"" of the ""social cost of carbon"" (SCC), in order to generate an estimate of the marginal externality cost of greenhouse gas emissions (GHG). The problems with that analysis are legion, but the central ones are the use of global (rather than national) benefits to drive the benefit/cost comparison; the failure to apply a 7 percent discount rate to the streams of benefits and costs, despite clear direction from the Office of Management and Budget; and most important the use of ozone and particulate reductions as ""co-benefits"" of climate policies. The administration's estimate is about $36 per ton in 2015 ($31 per ton in 2010).""",,0_0
"And without the extra silt brought from floodwaters, the shallows are subject to erosion and breakup. This would clearly warp the fossil record, but would also warp the tidal gauge record as well; the sea would appear to be rising when in fact the land is sinking, being washed away.",,0_0
"What, then, are the functions of government in this system of natural liberty? Adam Smith assigned a small, but what he considered essential, set of responsibilities to the political authority:",,0_0
"From its opening images, which view Gore only from behind, as if he were some powerful figure about to spin around and reveal his greatness, An Inconvenient Truth lionizes the man more than his cause. The movie means to paint him as a misunderstood prophet, trudging through airports and convention centers bringing the unpopular word of God to the sinful masses.",,0_0
"Saying that humans cause climate change is like saying alcohol causes babies. Sure, you might get some more, but it rather misses the point.",,0_0
"But was the evidence"" for global warming intentionally and illegally concocted? By their persistence in hiding their data we may think so, as far as Mann and Weaver are concerned; while Dr Ball's latest sensational book,'' The Deliberate Corruption of Climate Science ;' detailing the Climategate shenanigans, is a 'must read' as to culpability. But only a full criminal investigation will be determinative of all that. The question now is, will the U.S. and Canadian governmental authorities have the stomach to delve deeper?""",,5_2
"...climate models, while imperfect, work well in many respects (that is to say, they provide useful skill over and above simpler methods for making predictions).",,0_0
"Southern ice cap expansion is particularly impressive because, since is surrounded by water, it requires more cooling to freeze that ice than it does to warm cold dry air a bit on continental surfaces that surround the Arctic Ocean. When the Atlantic Oscillation returns to its cold mode, the northern ice cap will expand again as the southern ice cap shrinks.",,0_0
"Learn more:Obama: Sound and fury, signifying nothing for foreign policy",,0_0
"(4) For all the hype about the bleaching events on the GBR, most of the reef did not bleach and almost all that did bleach has almost fully recovered.",,3_2
"That hasnt stopped the White House, U.N. bureaucrats and green activists from using this consensus mantra as part of their effort to discredit dissenters. But now, with Seitzs help, 17,000 scientists have blown away the myth of any scientific consensus on global warming.",,0_0
"The first scenario, Awash in oil and gas,"" assumes that consumers enjoy secure access to abundant supplies of oil, natural gas and coal at low prices. America would enjoy ""significant GDP growth"" and carbon emissions would grow more than 50 percent between 2000 and 2035.""",,0_0
Earth to looney left. A record cold winter is the wrong time to be picking a global warming fight.,,1_3
"A very good article on the drawbacks of lgenergilampor we find in Aftonbladet. It is two students, Jonas Bckstrm and Ida Strandkvist, BDA from Lule Technical University, which uppmrksammat that focusing on carbon makes to other environmental problems remains in the background.",,0_0
Bryan Walsh: Why West Nile Virus Is a Self-Inflicted Wound,,0_0
"This scenario is too pessimistic. As countries develop, they become more efficient in energy use. But even if China tapered its emissions growth from 8.6% to zero over the same 27 years, it would still emit as much carbon in 2041 as the entire world does today. And that's not including emissions growth from India, Africa and South America.",,0_0
"Modern warming is not preceded by or coincident with change in atmospheric circulation, suggesting that recent warming is not like the natural variability of the last few thousand years and that therefore is a consequence of anthropogenic forcing. This is an interesting argument though it must be realised that given our limited understanding of Antarctic climate and what has happened in the past, the logic of this case is suggestive, but by no means proof, of man's influence.",,0_0
"YET HERE IS A GIANT counterexample. The Fox Network, which is a vital part of the News Corporation, is helping to promote the film. On May 12, Fox featured a 10-minute preview of The Day After Tomorrowon prime time. This film is being used as an overtly political project to promote a green agenda, as even a casual look at the Weather Gone Wild"" section of the film's official website shows (it doesn't feature meteorologists getting drunk on Daytona Beach, alas).""",,0_0
"I never understood that definition. How could I use a shovel to turn over the earth for my garden, for example? Every kilo of iron ore that is mined to make my shovel is a kilo of iron ore that is forever unavailable to future generations to meet their own needs. Its unavoidable. Which means that we will run out of iron, and thus any use of iron is ultimately unsustainable. My shovel use is depriving my great-grandchildren of shovels.",,0_0
"China's government has vigorously denied that it is attempting to illegitimately manipulate the scheme. But the point is that there is no system for independent and external verification; nor is Beijing proposing to allow one. Meanwhile, China had previously pledged that 15% (and possibly 20%) of its energy would come from renewable sources by 2020 and that special efforts would be made to close dirty power plants and impose world-class vehicle efficiency standards and proposed various other measures to cut emissions. Again, developed countries suspect that China will receive plaudits and concessions from any future carbon emissions regime without actually keeping its promises.",,4_2
"Meanwhile, Coburn framed the ethanol issue in stark terms declaring: What part of stupid are we? This is a historic vote that is a signal to the American people: Either people in Washington get it and are going to stop wasting money and start acting in the best interests of the country, or ... they won't.""",,0_0
"A new documentary features warmists and hippies fearlessly acting like spoiled brats. Among the feats celebrated on film climbing the UK parliament buildings and hanging about outside power stations. Actual fearless feats like anti-oil protests in Riyadh are next week, or something.",,0_0
"When correlating CO2 with temperature trends in various periods of cyclical warming and cooling the last 110 years we find a negative correlation from the late 1800s to 1917 (-0.35), positive from 1917 to 1940 (+0.43), negative during the WWII and post WWII boom from 1940 to around 1975 (-0.40), positive from 1975 to around 2000 (+0.36) and negative in the short period to 2009 (-0.56).",,2_3
"Where do these people come up with this crap? The last 13 months has been barely above average, and almost half a degree cooler than 1998",,0_0
"The even bigger problem is that lowering U.S. emissions is, itself, far from risk-free, and Mr. Paulson's plea for a carbon tax exemplifies the problem. The Paulson piece never explicitly acknowledges that a carbon tax entails an economic cost. But by substituting more costly resources for cheaper fossil fuels, a tax would lower U.S. productivity. Instead, he throws up a cloud of rhetoric promising that a tax will lead to great innovation, and of course jobs.""",,0_0
Dating the air with respect to the ice it is trapped in is problematic.,,0_0
"As Hamilton wrote, the presidency was to be the one part of government that could respond with decision, activity, secrecy, and dispatch"" to unforeseen crises, especially war. Borrowing liberally from John Locke, Hamilton argued in The Federalist that the central function of the executive was to be a branch of the government always in being, one that could respond swiftly to emergencies. War would make the most demands on the presidency. ""Of all the cares or concerns of government,"" Hamilton wrote, ""the direction of war most peculiarly demands those qualities which distinguish the exercise of power by a single hand.""",,0_0
"The age of thought crimes"" is truly here in the ""land of the free.""",,0_0
Labor to introduce register for foreign ownership of land | The Area ...,,0_0
"Now is the time at SDA when we juxtapose! Dr. Eric Fleegler: Conclusions and Relevance - A higher number of firearm laws in a state are associated with a lower rate of firearm fatalities in the state, overall and for suicides and homicides individually. John Hinderaker: Conclusions and Relevance - ote that Fleegler's study covers all 50 states, but leaves out the District of Columbia. Why do you suppose he chose to do that? .... Now let's redo Fleegler's math, with the District counted as one of the ten strictest jurisdictions. We now have an average rate of 4.0 gun homicides per 100,000 in the ten most anti-gun jurisdictions, and a gun homicide rate of 3.5 per 100,000 in the ten jurisdictions with the fewest gun regulations, even if we include the outlier, Louisiana. But that's just tasting the icing of Dr. Fleegler's statistical upside-down cake.",,0_0
"Bratton isn't alone in that opinion. The Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department, Police Foundation, Arizona Association of Chiefs of Police, Major Cities Chiefs' Association, and other law enforcement groups oppose or are extremely critical of having local police enforce immigration laws for the same reason.",,0_0
"(Footnote for wonks: the reason for the surprise lay in the way that the tax code of the time interacted with inflation. High inflation produced high revenues for government. In 1981-82, inflation was reduced much faster than forecasters had imagined possible.)",,0_0
"Do new data provide evidence for ice sheet slow death or ice sheet slow growth? An Ohio State University researcher reports that the most recent data show that thinning rates are slowing at several sites just east of the ice sheet divide, and that the elevation at the divide continues to increase?? Read More",,1_1
"Thus, despite working on regional chronology methodology for nearly two decades, CRU is intellectually no further ahead than when they started: arm-waving ad hockery. But thats a story for another day.",,0_0
"Well, except for the fact that landfalling hurricanes are at an all-time low.",,1_7
"The fact of the matter is that climate change impacts are very poorly known, he told BBC News.",,5_1
"The primary critics constitute an unlikely coalition: Dow, which spearheads a handful of companies likely to take a short term hit from higher industrial natural gas prices; and a cadre of anti-hydraulic fracturing liberals, who traditionally have opposed almost all measures that could lead to increased shale gas exploration.",,0_0
"These conditions must have impacted nutrient availability in the ocean and ultimately the spatial and temporal distribution of marine life, said team member Jeremy D. Owens , a former UC Riverside graduate student, who is now a postdoctoral scientist at the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. Under low-oxygen environments, many biologically important metals and other nutrients are removed from seawater and deposited in the sediments on the seafloor, making them less available for life to flourish.",,0_0
"The question of post-accord security for Israelis dominates every discussion of a deal with the Palestinians. The Obama-Bush transition does not appear to have produced any significant glitches in the critical area of permanent security arrangements. First outlined by Condoleezza Rice and later fleshed out by retired General James Jones, Obama's recently departed national security adviser, all key points of the plan have been presented to both sides without any deal breakers becoming apparent. Under this plan, Palestine would become a demilitarized state with a strong police force."" As summarized by Abed Rabbo, ""An international force would be deployed on the borders and inside the Palestinian state. No Israeli presence of any kind would be permitted inside the Palestinian state. Israel would be able to nominate members or veto the proposals of others. A member of the international force could not be removed without the agreement of Israel, the United States, and Palestine.""",,0_0
"Research and ruling classes benefit, while poor, minority and blue-collar families suffer and Africans are told they must be content with wind and solar energy because, as President Obama put it, if everybody has got a car"" and air conditioning and a big house, ""the planet will boil over.""",,0_0
From Warren Pearces posting of Ben Piles excellent article at Making Science Public,,0_0
Figure 4. Alaska Temperature Average from First Order Observing Stations,,0_0
"But I for one am not complaining that Pachauri is staying on as I have said before, every day he remains in charge subtracts credibility from the IPCC, and that can only be a good thing. The recent meeting in Busan has deferred a number of key issues for later discussion:",,5_2
"Not to be outdone, some in Congress still want carbon taxes that the Energy Information Administration says will slash the average American familys income by some $1,500 per year, on top of the $2,200 per year that the Washington Post says theyve lost in buying power since 2008.",,4_1
"A prolonged governmental investigation in response to someone's speechwhether or not investigators nab their target in the endcan violate the First Amendment, courts have held. For example, a federal appeals court ruled in White v. Lee (2000) that lengthy, speech-chilling civil rights investigations by federal officials can violate the First Amendment even when they are eventually dropped. It found this principle so obvious that it denied officials qualified immunity for investigating citizens who spoke out against a minority housing project.",,0_0
Read it first: Climate/Energy section of Obama SOTU here!,,0_0
"FALSE ALARM: Why Almost Everything Weve Been Told About Global Warming is Misleading, Exaggerated, or Plain Wrong How the Hadley Centre spins the data on non-warming The Hadley Centres spin effort isnt exaggerating the data (far from it), nor is it plain wrong the true figures are on the site. But t he Centre is doing everything it can to mislead the public in hopes that the planet will start warming again before the peasants figure out that, maybe, the consensus climate science prophets are, in fact, plain wrong.",,5_2
"As legendary crime-fighting Police Chief William Bratton stated, tough immigration enforcement hurts local police because immigrants living and working in our communities are afraid to have any contact with the police . . . can't prevent or solve crimes if victims or witnesses are unwilling to talk to us for fear of being deported.""",,0_0
"What has struck me in doing this analysis is that looking at individual surface temperature stations becomes nonsensical, as they are grid reference points. Thus comparing the station moves for Reykjavik with the adjustments will not achieve anything. The implications of this insight will have to wait upon another day.",,0_0
"Prof. McKitrick has now corrected the calculations upon which this conclusion was based. In a draft erratum, available at http://www.uoguelph.ca/~rmckitri/research/gdptemp.html , he writes, The principal effect of the correction is a reduced weight on the constant term and an increased weight on the COSABLAT variable itself. Indeed the correction improves the overall fit and removes the anomalously small cosine-latitude effect. The socioeconomic variables remain significant and the effects carry over from the station data to the gridded data as before.",,0_0
17i. The ability of regional climate models to model extreme events for the next 10 years,,0_0
"According to the klimamanifest site, the above video was inspired by comments Schellnhuber had made on German public television on May 27, 2013, where he once again warned of a planet warming by 4C by the end of the century.",,0_0
"We see this as a bit of a surprise, and potentially significant on a policy level because previous interpretations suggested that global warming might actually help plant growth around the world, Running said.",,0_0
FACT: A huge number of scientists completely disagree with Rahmstorf.,,5_1
"One of the most interesting, if unsurprising, findings of the Prosperity Index is that higher-income countries have diminishing returns to life satisfaction (see figure 1). In crude terms, this means that if you live in one of the poorest nations on earth, an increase in income is vitally important to improved prosperity, so driving growth is a critical ambition for those living in such regions. In wealthier parts of the world, however, greater secur-ity, better governance, and personal freedom are more important to life satisfaction than are small increases in wealth. In the figure, one can see that a hypothetical increase in income from $3,000 to $6,000 would increase life satisfaction much more than an increase in income from $23,000 to $26,000 would.",,0_0
Climate Astrology: Blizzard blamed on global warming?! Is there any weather event that is inconsistent with global warming? Climate Depot Round up,,0_0
Stora sv ngningar i klimatet inget ovanligt,,0_0
"In spite of the British ban on slavery from the early 19th century, Mr. Kerwick points out it was not outlawed in India until the 1940s not outlawed in Saudi Arabia until the 60s.",,0_0
"The divergences shown in brown in Figure 8 are caused when sea surface temperatures of the Rest-of-the-World fail to cool in response to the La Nia. Basically, they dont cool because of the warm water thats left over after the El Nio.",,0_0
Britain ends liberalised power prices: Gerard Wynn,,0_0
"Climate Hustle is hosted by award-winning investigative journalist Marc Morano. A former communications director for the U.S. Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, Morano is publisher of CFACT's ClimateDepot.com. The film is a production of the Committee For A Constructive Tomorrow (CFACT) and CDR Communications. See the movie. Bring your friends. Make it a party. www.ClimateHustle.com",,0_0
"???Since (today??s) temperatures aren??t higher than earlier temperatures, it doesn??t look like ???global warming,'?? Christy said, ???but more like a problem we still wrestle with: unpredictable natural variability.?? Christy said no one knows what causes these natural shifts in climate.",,2_1
Pretty much says it all: Sweden may have to import garbage,,0_0
"Last week the US had the opportunity to put a responsible adult in charge off the country. Instead we got a repeat performance ofspectacularincompetence for the next four years. Obama is right back to where he was four years ago, claiming that he can control the weather.",,0_0
"$120,000 for This amendment extends the project and budget ending dates from August 31, 2003 to December 31, 2003. There is no change in the approved EPA funding amount of $50,000 for your diesel truck emission reduction initiative. The conditions numbered 1 through 7 in the award remain in full force and effect.",,0_0
"The researchers found that the effects are largely determined by the presence or absence of different fauna, primarily small algae-eating crustaceans. The net effect of changes in temperature and ocean acidification on benthic microalgae is non-existent if there are crustaceans in the ecosystem. But in the absence of crustaceans, the amount of benthic algae is largely controlled by positive and negative direct and indirect effects of higher temperatures and acidification.",,0_0
"Instead, the band members turned to their friends in the media and to the blogosphere, creating a website called RealClimate.org. The idea is that we working climate scientists should have a place where we can mount a rapid response to supposedly ""bombshell' papers that are doing the rounds"" in aid of ""combating dis-information,"" one email explained, referring to criticisms of the hockey stick and anything else suggesting that temperatures today were not the hottest in recorded time. One person in the nine-member Realclimate.org team U.K. scientist and Green Party activist William Connolley would take on particularly crucial duties.""",,0_0
"But there is a crisis that international leaders need to address at Copenhagen. The real planetary emergency is that 1.5 billion people do not have access to modern, affordable, and reliable forms of energy or the electricity they produce.",,0_0
"So what is that? Met site is top right. Four piles at the base, is a large power grid pylon, can look bizarre from an aircraft (these are aerial photos, not satellite).",,0_0
entirely predictable to primatologists. He observes two university colleagues in a coffee shop and notes,,0_0
"which is just #3 x #4. I am in no way arguing that we should abandon formal statistics which produces quantifications like equation #3. But I am saying that since, as we already know, exactly quantifying #4 is nearly impossible, we will be too confident of any decisions we make if we, as is common, substitute probability #3 for #5 because, not matter what, the probability of #3 and #4 both is always less than the probability of #3.",,0_0
"Comment On Ocean Heat Content World Ocean Heat Content And ThermostericSea Level Change (0-2000), 1955-2010 By Levitus Et Al 2012",,0_0
"==>  Based on their analysis of all the available data, the four researchers determined that ""linear long-term trends in the Inner North Sea (1.6 mm/yr) are similar to global trends (1.7 mm/yr) but smaller in the English Channel (1.2 mm/yr)."" And they report that ""although the recent rates of sea level rise were high, there is no evidence yet that sea level rise has accelerated over the last decades in the North Sea region.""",,1_6
military leaders clearly assumed they would work with the White House on,,0_0
"The period from January 2001 to May 2013 is now 149-months long. Refer to the following graph of running 149-month trends from January 1880 to May 2013, using the NCDC global temperature anomaly product. The last data point in the graph is the linear trend (in deg C per decade) from January 2001 to the current month. It is slightly negative. That, of course, indicates global surface temperatures have not warmed during the most recent 149-month period. Working back in time, the data point immediately before the last one represents the linear trend for the 149-month period of December 2000 to April 2013, and the data point before it shows the trend in deg C per decade for November 2000 to March 2013, and so on.",,1_4
"The Simple Moving Average stack is in a weave pattern. This often happens at decision or inflection points. After a rise, it often means a fall to come. Furthermore, that spike down today was not good. At this point Id be exiting any remaining gold trade positions (if I had any, but I sold mine some time ago).",,0_0
"Recent extreme-weather events cannot be blamed on global warming, because there has not been any global warming to speak of. It is as simple as that.",,1_7
"On March 14, 2012, the Sierra Club and the Natural Resources Defense Council bought air time in 12 major media markets in Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and Washington, D.C., for an advertisement depicting children with oxygen masks roaming the halls of Congress. A narrator begins,",,0_0
"The people out there are really uncertain about the topic of climate protection, and here the IPCC has made a fundamental contribution to that. Six years ago the experts from the IPCC projected that every year the global temperature would rise 0.2C . And in 2013, thats only 6 years later, ladies and gentlemen, they are forced to backpedal and recognize that over the last 10 years the temperature has risen only zero point zero-five degrees Celsius. They erred by a huge 75%! And those who want to advise us what do for decades and prophesize whats ahead and that were supposed to act based on that, such an uncertain factual basis is surely not the fundamental basis on which to act politically, ladies and gentlemen!",,1_4
"It may cost you a bit up front, but the cash from the government means you should have earned back the cost of the solar panels within ten years, says Miles Brignall in The Guardian. Banks are also beginning to get wind of this, and some say they may be prepared to lend money towards installation.",,0_0
"To put things into even starker perspective, consider that from August 1954 through August 1955, the East Coast saw three different storms make landfallCarol, Hazel and Dianethat in 2012 each would have caused about twice as much damage as Sandy.",,0_0
"When you return to high but not too high values of tan(beta), it's very natural for this quantity to be reasonably high - for several reasons. In MSSM, the up-type quarks only obtain masses from the interactions with the up-type Higgs. Similarly for bottom-type quarks. Because the top quark is near the electroweak scale and the bottom quark is about 40 times lighter, it's natural to think that the couplings are actually comparable - of order one - and the mass differences come from the difference of the Higgs vevs.",,0_0
"Command-and-control is the most common form of environmental policy, but it has a lot of problems. Principally, central planners can never get enough information to figure out the least-cost way to achieve a target. In the case of CO2 there are so many millions of emission points, and the costs of abatement at each point can be radically different than at other points, so any attempt at centralized micromanagement of emissions will end up being excessively costly. No matter what emissions reduction is eventually achieved it could have been done more cheaply with one of the other methods.",,0_0
Pictures: National Snow & amp; Ice Data Center,,0_0
and all those working in AR5 would be to delete all emails at the end of the,,0_0
"Regardless, climate models are made interesting by the inclusion of positive feedbacks"" (multiplier effects) so that a small temperature increment expected from increasing atmospheric carbon dioxide invokes large increases in water vapor, which seem to produce exponential rather than logarithmic temperature response in the models. It appears to have become something of a game to see who can add in the most creative feedback mechanisms to produce the scariest warming scenarios from their models but there remains no evidence the planet includes any such effects or behaves in a similar manner.""",,3_1
"The document notes that Kerry has demonstrated a long commitment to addressing climate change beginning as a participant at the Rio Earth Summit in 1992 that produced the U. N. Framework Convention on Climate Change and calls climate change the globe's most serious environmental challenge."" It continues, ""John Kerry will reinsert the United States into international climate change negotiations. He will reestablish our nation's credibility and influence over the process. The Kerry Administration will come to the international table with a serious domestic climate change program in hand .""",,0_0
"So, are polar bears really threatened with extinction? All the evidence says they are not in any trouble right now: the classification of polar bears as threatened with extinction is based completely on predictions made by computer models about what might happen by 2050. However, the results of recent polar bear research have disproved, or called into question, many of the assumptions used to make those models work. That leads me to conclude that polar bears are not endangered.",,3_2
"Every bit as troubling as the monument designation itself is the use of the Antiquities Act to bring it about. Originally crafted to protect Native American sites of historical and cultural significance, the Antiquities Act has been used by the Clinton, Bush, and Obama administrations to declare an area a National Monument for environmental reason via executive action, with little if any local input. There shouldn't be a couple of people sitting around a table in the West Wing deciding this kind of thing,"" Saving Seafood's Vanasse told the AP.""",,0_0
"Ethanol and Water Pollution. In Water Implications of Biofuels Production in the United States, the National Academy of Sciences (NAS) points out that if the United States continues to expand corn-based ethanol production without new environmental protection policies, the increase in harm to water quality could be considerable."" Corn, according to the NAS, requires more fertilizers and pesticides than other food or biofuel crops. Pesticide contamination is highest in the corn belt, and nitrogen fertilizer runoff from corn already has the highest agricultural impact on the Mississippi River. In short, more corn raised for ethanol means more fertilizers, pesticides, and herbicides in waterways; more low-oxygen ""dead zones"" from fertilizer runoff; and more local shortages in water for drinking and irrigation.""",,0_0
EU emissions trading scheme threatens electricity blackouts,,0_0
"Oh noes, global warming causes grizzly attacks . Add it to The List.",,0_0
"The data in this paper suggest that future increases in the air's CO 2 concentration will enhance photosynthesis and biomass production in many C 4 grass species, regardless of their photosynthetic sub-type. In addition, atmospheric CO 2 enrichment should enhance C 4 grass water-use efficiency, perhaps allowing C 4 grasses to expand their ranges into more arid habitats where their survival is currently limited by insufficient soil moisture availability.",,3_3
"The Pontryagin class is a complexified even Chern class within a cohomology whose degree is a multiple of four. Needless to say, I don't really understand these matters well. The people for whom it's their cup of tea must think about many things in terms of vector bundles. It's probably great for them and it allows them to see and calculate many interesting things but despite a course by GM, I just couldn't learn to use those things. I need to translate bundles to some fields with some properties or physical conditions, otherwise I don't really understand them. In some sense, I feel that mathematics and not physics must be the mother tongue"" for those folks even though many of them are stellar theoretical physicists, too.""",,0_0
"Thanks to that program, and you can make a list of items similar or shared between the biology and genetics of Soviet Lysenko and ideas to us contemporaneee about a global warming of anthropogenic origin (commonly referred to with the acronym AGW):",,0_0
"China already emits a quarter of the world's CO2, the main gas contributing to global warming, making it the world's top emitter ahead of the United States. Its emissions have more than doubled since 2000.",,0_0
"2. If anything is done in the short term, developed countries are likely to bear virtually all the costs. Climate change is generally not a high priority for developing countries. Putting food on the table isnot to mention the annual toll of 2 million children who die of diarrheal diseases from poor sanitation.",,0_0
Obama Fail Deny Blame Golf Distract.Lie Repeat Bumper Sticker from Zazzle.com,,0_0
"The glacier claim proved to be based on a 2005 World Wildlife Fund pamphlet, which in turn was based on a 1999 New Scientist interview with Indian scientist Syed Hasnain (see his joint interview with Richard North).",,0_0
BBC Confirms That Polar Melt Has Almost No Effect On Sea Level,,0_0
"In addition to traditional public service announcements, prominent green organizations have recently added the political attack ad to their public-relations portfolio. Indeed, environmentalists now run some of the most aggressive negative advertisements in the media business. It doesn't matter if you are a Republican or a Democrat; if you don't toe the green line, these advocacy groups will go for your political jugular.",,0_0
"Another 15,000 smaller organisations are also required to register and could be expected to buy permits in the future. If they miss the September deadline, they face fines of 500.",,0_0
The carbon policies of the Australian government will destroy regional industry.,,4_1
"The Bing Link cracked it for me. It was obvious looking at the shadows that the weather station, transmitter and radar tower were sat on a level depression protected on three sides by banking ie they had their own micro climate.",,0_0
Mann?s goal is to make it a legally punishable offense to question a scientist?s honesty or even his thinking method.,,0_0
"Ive also tried to explain that the temperature of the Earth and its atmosphere (or anything else, for that matter) is a function of rates of energy gain and energy loss, not of just how much solar radiation is absorbed. Ive argued this using the analogy of insulation in a house even though the insulation does not add new energy (just as the atmospheric greenhouse effect doesnt add new energy to the Earth system,) it does make the house warmer in winter by reducing the rate of energy loss to its colder surroundings.",,0_0
"When the two researchers applied the relation they derived to the period 1610-1995, they found a rising linear relationship for temperature vs. time, upon which are superimposed some quasi-regular episodes of residual temperature increases and decreases, with semi-amplitudes up to ~0.3C,"" and they note that ""the present period of global warming is one of them."" What it means""",,2_1
"Skeptics advancing alternative explanations (hypotheses) for climate variability represent the way the researcher community used to operate, before politics, policy outcomes, and billions of dollars got involved.",,0_0
"While the nations weather in individual years or even for periods of years has been hotter or cooler and drier or wetter than in other periods, the new study shows that over the last century there has been no trend in one direction or another.",,1_7
"Although there was essentially no acclimation or down regulation of photosynthesis in this long-term study, no significant increase in soil carbon content was detected over the experiment's duration.?? However, as demonstrated in our Editorial of 5 Mar 2003 , it is sometimes necessary to conduct studies of biological responses to atmospheric CO 2 enrichment for considerably longer than a decade in order to determine their true ultimate impact.?? Indeed, the study of Schneider et al . (2004) on the identical L. perenne plots studied here suggests the very same thing with respect to the slowly increasing (though non-significant) trend in harvestable biomass observed in the low soil nitrogen treatment. References",,3_3
This is the opposite trend expected by the IPCC. This deceleration would be even steeper on a percentage of existing CO2 in the atmosphere.,,5_1
"But whatever it is, Cap and Trade is not a jobs program. This should be obvious. If the Obama Administration argued that we should further complicate the tax code, so as to create more jobs for lawyers and accountants, they would be laughed out of the room. The fact that people must work harder to comply with new regulations is a cost of such policies, not a benefit.",,0_0
"pro-Obama cornersfrom celebrity investor Warren Buffett, from moderate",,0_0
"Will this create a groundswell of new support from American voters?: Obama's climate swindle wins coveted endorsement from Fidel Castro HAVANA Barack Obama's call for action on climate change and his admission that rich nations have a particular responsibility to lead has received strong praise from an unusual source U.S. nemesis Fidel Castro. The former Cuban leader on Wednesday called the American president's speech at the United Nations brave"" and said no other American head of state would have had the courage to make similar remarks.""",,5_2
"After 8 and a half years and won three elections, the former legendary Tony has in fact its catalog of promises and its failures, especially those who were to be the cornerstones of its policy, public services and education, where situations paradoxical are created continuously by its approach all image and little substance always allinseguimento the front page of newspapers, and the contradictions of those who combines a dirigiste mentality to an apparent inability to anticipate, understand and deal with the details of the initiatives announced in bursts in a grandiloquent.",,0_0
"Vikings farmed southern Greenland 900 years ago during the Medieval Warm Period, but the climate is much too cold now to support farming.",,2_1
"Oh, and whom do we have to thank for funding this study? The postscript tells us it was supported by NASA through contract 1206715 administered by the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. What is NASA doing funding a study into the benefits of reducing the population? Who knows?",,0_0
"Well then, I would say that pretty much confirms it. For quite some time, I?ve harbored the suspicion that both the popular science and the political activity that create and sustain the belief in Global Warmingism are informed by a retrogressively pagan mindset.",,5_2
"In the minds of many of us who are gathered here, the most important question concerninggreenhouse gases is not whether they will produce a recognizable global warming, butwhen will they do so? Probably we take it for granted that, barring some catastrophethat halts or overwhelms the accumulation of carbon dioxide and other constituents, thewarming predicted by theoretical studies will eventually occur. The apparent upward trendof global-average temperature during the most recent century, and the unusually warm anddry weather that has invaded parts of the world during parts of the most recent decade,have led some of us to speculate that the greenhouse warming is already being felt. In thistalk I wish to examine the basis for speculating that the greenhouse effect is not the maincause of what we have been experiencing and, particularly, that the suggested warmingis due to processes purely internal to the atmosphere and its immediate surroundings.",,2_1
"The global warming trend since 1990, when the IPCC wrote its first report, is equivalent to below 1.4 C per century half of what the IPCC had then predicted.",,5_1
"But those 2,500 scientists hardly represented a consensus. First, they only helped assemble the 95 U.N. report on global warming; they didnt pass judgment on it. And few of those 2,500 scientists actually worked on the one part of the report that linked human activity to global warming -the executive summary. In fact, many of those same scientists are skeptics.",,0_0
"However, to borrow a phrase from Clinton, it depends on what the meaning of ???used?? is. These upper treeline chronologies were clearly canvassed and assessed in the attempt to reconstruct upper treeline temperature. They were disregarded ??? but they were touched in the collective search process of the dendro community and became part of the sampling program. In my opinion, the situation is parallel to Jacoby??s ???few good men??: Jacoby said that he used the 10 most ???temperature-sensitive?? chronologies out of 36 and discarded the rest because they didn??t provide a story. These yellow-cedar chronologies were part of a collective search process and were even cited by Wilson and Luckman. It??s entirely relevant to show that these yellow-cedar chronologies did not have HS-shape as part of a survey of upper treeline populations.",,5_1
"I doubt that world leaders, however, will perpetually sacrifice 2 percent or more of their nations' annual economic growth, year after year, for no tangible benefits.",,0_0
"This trend has led some to conclude that the Sun has played a significant role in modern climate change. However, a discrepancy between two parallel series of sunspot number counts has been a contentious issue among scientists for some time.",,2_1
"Meacher: No, no, there is a name which is the Spanish word for a young child, what is it called?""",,0_0
"In one of the tragedies of Sophocles, the woman Antigone seeks to give her dead brother a proper burial, but is forbidden by the king because her brother was an enemy of the state. She replies to the tyrant that there is another law higher than the states, and that she will follow it because of its divine authority. Not even the king may require anyone to violate it. Moreover, it requires not only forbearance from evil but active pursuit of the good: in this case, doing the honors for her brother.",,0_0
"Tommaso Dorigo argues that this rumor above could actually be different from his rumor, and moreover he has rumored my rumor before - one month ago .",,0_0
"4. Chart of the Day IV Police Officer Deaths by Gunfire (above). According to data from the Officer Down Memorial Page (ODMP) there were 31 US police officers killed by gunfire in the line of duty last year (this figure of 31 officers excludes the 4 K9 deaths and 4 Puerto Rican officers reported on the ODMP website). Except for 2013 when 26 US police officers were killed by gunfire (again excluding 4 K9 deaths and one officer in Puerto Rico), that makes 2015 the safest year for US police since 1887, and that's not adjusted for the increasing size of the US population. After adjusting for the US population, 2013 was the safest year in US history for America's law enforcement officers, followed by 2015 as the second safest year in US history. On the other hand, US police killed 1,200 citizens last year according to this source.",,0_0
"on Tuesday, July 3rd, 2012 at 10:41 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
Now lets look at southern hemisphere sea ice extent. Slope of the red line is 0.02602 million Km^2/year.,,1_1
"If it?s a drought, or a long spell of hot and dry weather, they think we must be doing something to nudge up the Earth?s thermostat. If it?s a nasty hurricane or a notably destructive line of tornados, it?s our fault for driving SUVs. If riverside communities get flooded, that?s also the result of global warming. And if we get an unusually harsh and lengthy winter, yes, that, too, is proof that the Earth is getting warmer.",,5_2
There is no evidence in the temperature record to support this claim. The three worst heatwaves in Texas history all occurred before 1935.,,1_7
"The two researchers report that in the context of prolonged severe droughts,"" the 20th century ""has been relatively moist compared to preceding centuries,"" and they say that their PDSI reconstruction and the Uinta Basin precipitation reconstruction indicate that ""the early to mid 17th century in particular, and portions of the 18th and 19th centuries, experienced prolonged (>10 years) dry conditions that would be unusually severe by 20th century standards,"" noting that ""the most striking example of widespread extended drought occurred during a ~45-year period between 1625 and 1670 when PDSI only rarely rose above negative values."" What it means""",,1_7
"Climate Depot Resonse : Superstorm Sandy linked to man-made global warming?! Please Mr. President, read up on science before you embarrass yourself. See: Prof. Roger Pielke Jr.: 'Remarkably, the U.S. is currently experiencing the longest-ever recorded period with no strikes of a Category 3 or stronger hurricane' Sandy was terrible, but we're currently in a relative hurricane 'drought', Pielke Jr. explained ..",,1_7
"He also said that, One might get the impression that countries of the European Union believe that Russia is simply obliged to ratify the protocol but this position is deeply erroneous. Russia had already cut its greenhouse emissions by 41 percent. I believe that the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol is possible only after negotiations are held with the European Union to which certain terms should be set. In particular, Russia objects to the fact that the European Union might easily adapt to clauses of the protocol in order to exercise pressure in the field of international trade. If the European Union does not change its politics, Russia will not agree to the ratification of the Kyoto Protocol.""",,0_0
Dana Nuccitelli published an article today in The Guardian Does the global warming pause mean what you think it means? a play off a line by Inigo Montoya from The Princess Bride . Dana has expressed his misunderstanding of one of the most commonly used metrics of global warmingthe surface temperature record. And he continues to display hisunwillingness to accept that the hypothesis of human-induced global warming is dead.,,5_2
"But these inconvenient truths are irrelevant to climate campaigners, who are using dangerous manmade climate change as the best pretext ever devised to control energy use and economies. They simply hypothesize, model and assert that every observed weather and climate phenomenon is due to human CO2 emissions. Warmer or colder, wetter or drier, more ice or less, more storms, fewer storms, occasional big storms if not now, someday, sooner or later. Its exactly what climate alarmists predicted.",,5_2
"The research was based on outputs from two models, including the Hadley Center Model, which reviewers admitted during the course of the National Assessment on Climate Change performed no better than a table of random numbers in predicting past climate.",,5_1
"It is the fact that henges of various sorts are found all over the place (and since we know of some that have been destroyed during the time of written history, we can presume there were more than even the ones weve found) that leads me to the simple conclusion that these were modestly common places. Places where the local farmers might meet for a farmers market while visiting the local season solstice party and picking up a new moon counter or learning a new Henge Tuning Trick ;-)",,0_0
"And that's why I can't and I don't want to wear my medals from the NATO operations anymore because they have been given to me by a criminal organization led by the U.S. As long as the U.S. and similar countries will be leading NATO, there is no room for these medals on the left side of my uniform.",,0_0
15. The Climate-gate scandal revealed that a scientific team had tampered with their own data so as to conceal inconsistencies and errors.,,5_2
"The benefits of the rainforest First and foremost, tropical rainforests are home to a vast biological array of living organisms and support more plant and animal species per unit area, as well as overall, than any other ecosystem on earth."" Current estimates of the total number of living species on the planet range from five to 30 million or more, of which only 1.4 million have been described by scientists. More than two-thirds of these species come from tropical rain forests, basically because the forest are home to the most species-rich groups in the world anthropods and flowering plants.""",,0_0
"Although long-term fertilization of nine years decreased plant diversity, it increased plant productivity; and this phenomenon caused an increase in arthropod species richness by significantly increasing the numbers of parasite and predator species. Short-term fertilization also increased plant productivity, but without reducing plant diversity; and it too significantly increased arthropod diversity by increasing the species richness of herbivores, parasites, and predators. These results demonstrate that increases in plant productivity lead to increases in the diversity of organisms higher up the food chain, such as herbivores, parasites and predators. What it means",,3_3
"Heres some breaking news: Its January and in many parts of America, it snows; sometimes a lot. When I was a kid I got my sled and, together with other kids celebrating the snow day, took to the hills. We threw snowballs and came home soaked and exhausted. Mother would hang my wet clothes on a radiator to dry.",,0_0
"According to anthropogenic global warming (AGW) theory, carbon dioxide increases the potential of water vapor to absorb and emit IR radiation as a consequence of the overlapping absorption/emission spectral bands. I have determined the total emissivity of a mixture of gases containing 5% of water vapor and 0.039% of carbon dioxide in all spectral bands where their absorptivities/emissivities overlap. The result ofmy calculations is that carbon dioxide reducesthe total absorptivity/emissivity of the water vapor, working like a coolant, not a warmer of the atmosphereand the surface.",,2_3
"Solar explains perhaps 10% of it, but the volcanoes push it the other way so why cant I find the two watts per square metre of expected CO2 warming in the CERES dataset?",,0_0
"An absolute record for the first of April, says reader Argiris Diamantis. Nothing about this is reported by the Dutch MSM, of course.",,0_0
"The types of fuel that are the main sources of energyThe main uses of energy suppliesWhich countries supply the U.S. with the most oilThe extent of oil reservesThe rate of global warmingThe terms of the Kyoto Protocol international environmental treatyThe environmental record of nuclear power plantsThe extent of urban air pollutionThe effects of conservation and increases in energy efficiencyHerein we report on what might be called the energy myths"" to which many Americans subscribe ""and their correctives. ""Energy Myths, Energy Facts"" is intended as a primer for educators, journalists, and public officials ""for concerned citizens generally ""as we seek twin goals: an energy supply sufficient to fuel continued economic growth; and environmental policies that will protect the public health and the quality of our lives.""",,0_0
"I havent waded through GHCN and GISS adjustment methodologies to see exactly what they are doing and am nowhere near to replicating their methodologies. (Wouldnt it be nice if they just posted their codes so one could see exactly what they were doing, instead of having to decode obscure and poorly written methodological descriptions?) But lets say that the KNMI adjustments are right and that the GISS and GHCN adjustments are wrong in this spot check. Then that would appear to indicate that the GHCN and GISS methodologies were wrong in some way and there would be no reason to assume that they were randomly wrong.",,5_1
"on Tuesday, October 29th, 2013 at 10:36 pm and is filed under Uncategorized.",,0_0
"Our proposed national energy slogan is All of the Sensible (in contrast to the absurd All of the Above). Once legislators have grasped that concept, the foolishness of the leveling the playing field idea also becomes apparent. (Should the 18-wheeler trucks and golf cart playing field be leveled?) Additionally we should be using the term unreliables when speaking of renewables. Please pass these on.",,0_0
"To calculate the trends I used the OLS method, both from the formula and using the EXCEL LINEST function, getting the same answer each time. If you are able please check my calculations . The GISTEMP Southern Hemisphere and global data can be accessed direct from the NASA GISS website . The GISTEMP trends are from the skepticalscience trends tool. My figures are:-",,0_0
"First off, about a year after the IPCC released its AR4 report (from which the EPA took its statement), David Thompson and colleagues published a paper in Nature magazine titled A large discontinuity in the mid-twentieth century in observed global-mean surface temperature."" In it, they documented how a change in observing practices before and after World War II produced a cold bias in the sea surface temperatures that were incorporated into the compilations of global average temperatures (see here and here for more details). Thompson et al. were unable to correct this bias (so it remains in the extant ""observed"" global temperature histories) but suggested that:""",,0_0
"Michael Ignatieff says... Canadians want accountability from their MPs, but he's not sure they want to see every restaurant receipt politicians submit.",,0_0
"THREE senior Japanese scientists separately engaged in climate-change research have strongly questioned the validity of the man-made global-warming model that underpins the drive by the UN and most developed-nation governments to curb greenhouse gas emissions.I believe the anthropogenic (man-made) effect for climate change is still only one of the hypotheses to explain the variability of climate,"" Kanya Kusano told The Weekend Australian.It could take 10 to 20 years more research to prove or disprove the theory of anthropogenic climate change, said Dr Kusano, a research group leader with the Japan Agency for Marine-Earth Science's Earth Simulator project.""",,5_1
"The only way Americans will be protected against the EPA's attack on our economy will be a Congress controlled by the Republican Party and a Republican President that will support the oversight that is needed and the reversal of its vast output of regulations. It will have to do this as well for NOAA, NASA, and other governmental departments and agencies that, until recently, spewed forth all manner of data"" supporting the global warming hoax.""",,5_2
"To enter into force, at least 55 nations representing 55 percent of the industrial world's 1990 emissions must ratify the agreement. The United States is the pivotal actor. If the U.S. does not ratify, neither Japan nor the European Union will do so. In July 1997, the U.S. Senate passed, 95-0, a resolution sponsored by Senators Robert Byrd (D-WV) and Chuck Hagel (R-NE), opposing any agreement that exempts developing countries from emission limits. The Protocol does so exempt such countries. To rescue the treaty, Clinton-Gore negotiators have been urging developing countries to make voluntary commitments"" to limit their emissions. At COP-4, Argentina and Kazakhstan pledged to limit their emissions, but all of the ""key"" developing countries (China, India, Brazil, Mexico, and South Korea) refused to do so.""",,0_0
"The agency expressed concern that the nuclear expertise that exists today might not be passed on to the next generation of scientists and engineers, now that the rapid nuclear expansion of the 1970s and 1980s has leveled off.",,0_0
"The mere presence of environmental activists undermines the integrity of scientific endeavours. Yet the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has long embraced Greenpeace personnel. Read the rest here . This blog has relocated . You can sign up to receive an e-mail each time a new post is added under the Email subscription"" bar a little below the photo.NoFrakkingConsensus now has a Facebook page. .""",,5_2
"Nationwide, 319 coal-fueled power plants totaling 42,895 megawatts (13% of the nation's coal fleet and enough for 40 million homes and small businesses) are already slated to close, the Sierra Club joyfully proclaimed. Illinois families and businesses could pay 20% more for electricity by 2014, the Chicago Tribune reports. Chicago public schools may have to find an extra $2.7 million a year to keep the lights and heat on and computers running.",,0_0
"An alternative is theoretical analysis from first principles. This is something which in my own small limited way I am trying to do, as are others. Another way is to recognise that nature works by rigid adherence to natural law and is thus repeatable. This means that we can look back through the historical record for similar situations. If we can find such situations then the response that occurred then is a good indicator of what might happen in our immediate future. This was exactly the basis for the original carbon dioxide driven global warming claims. Vostock Ice core data showed carbon dioxide levels and temperature rising and falling together. Cause and effect was claimed, proof that rising carbon dioxide caused temperatures to increase. Since then, more accurate dating has shown temperature rises or falls 800 years before carbon dioxide responds. This negates the original claims since it shows that rising temperature causes rising carbon dioxide not vice versa.",,2_3
you're Al Gore or a Hollywood liberal) flying in private jets. And we are told,,0_0
The anonymous peer review process is the enemy of scientific creativitypeer reviewers go for orthodoxy.,,0_0
"The authors also find a remarkable correlation between solar rotational signals, cloud height, and the Madden-Julian Oscillation , which may represent yet another mechanism by which small changes in solar activity can be amplified to large changes in climate. Other amplification mechanisms include via ocean oscillations, ozone, and sunshine hours/clouds .",,2_1
I thoroughly recommend the thoughtful essay by Tony N at Harmless Sky for a review of where we stand on climate change at present.,,0_0
