Solyndra 2.0? Biden Administration Plans To Build Wind Farms To Power 10 Million Homes. CDN https://www.conservativedailynews.com.by The Biden administration laid out an ambitious plan Wednesday for government-funded wind farms along the east coast, which it said would sustain millions of Americans energy needs.	0_0
Coal Mining Giant to Sponsor Green Energy Gallery at UK Science Museum. Campaigners described the newly announced sponsorship deal as greenwash, plain and simple says DeSmog, a website devoted to decluttering the debate on climate change.	0_0
The fraud of Climate Change and the drive for control. Man-made Climate Change is being used as the catalyst for tall tales of melting ice caps, drowning polar bears, and flooded islands.It's even being blamed for a rise in wars and poverty.In the name of Climate Change there is a drive to destroy Free markets and the very concepts of limited Government, private property, and individual liberty.	5_2
Most telling of the EPAs irrational regulatory approach is how the EPA has concluded that the breath that we exhale, the gas that livestock expels, are dangerous pollutants and should be regulated by the Clean Air Act.	3_3
Gulyas: EC's Fit for 55 catch-all climate change plan is unacceptable in its current form. Gergely Gulyas, Head of the Prime Minister's Office, said Hungary considers the European Commissions Fit for 55 catch-all climate change plan to be unacceptable in its current form.	4_2
Ecosocialism Not Extinction! Cross-posted from Climate and Capitalism , an online journal focusing on capitalism, climate change, and the ecosocialist alternative.Ecosocialist Alliance statement on the opening of UN climate talks in Glasgow.Before Its News is a community of individuals who report on whats going on around them, from all around the world.	0_0
Germany in limbo: what lies ahead for savers and investors. The September 26 election was an extremely close race, with the eyes of the world fixed upon the country as it tried to find the successor of Angela Merkel, one the most influential and longest-serving leaders in Europe.But even after the results came in, the suspense was far from over.	0_0
Smashing Atoms: The History Of Uranium And Nuclear Power. Later in 1942, a group of scientists led by Enrico Fermi and Leo Szilard set off the first nuclear chain reaction through the Chicago Pile-1 .Interestingly, they built this makeshift reactor using graphite bricks on an abandoned squash court in the University of Chicago.These experiments proved that uranium could produce energy through fission.	0_0
Weve Cut Out Beef: Food Website Cancels Beef to Reduce Global Emissions. A food website named Epicurious will cancel beef recipes to reduce global emissions but will keep past beef recipes in the archive, the publication wrote Monday.	0_0
Exclusive: Louisiana AG Praises Court Order to Stop Bidens Pause on Oil and Gas Leasing. Louisiana Attorney General Jeff Landry told Breitbart News that a federal judges decision on Tuesday reversing President Joe Bidens pause on leasing public lands and waters for oil and gas operations is great news for America. I think its great news for America, Landry said.	4_5
"Why "Science Denial"? While Sinatra and Hofer smear a large and diverse group of people as "science deniers," they undercut their own claim when they admit that no one actually rejects science per se .So their sensational but misleading title and broad statements are designed not to inform but rather to sell books to their progressive-minded audience."	5_2
Six Facts The Left Doesn't Want You To Know About Global Warming. President Biden implores us that climate change is an existential threat to humanity.	0_0
VOLCANOES ERUPTING AND EARTHQUAKES HAPPENING ALL OVER THE WORLD RIGHT NOW, 5G AND HAARP CAN MANIPULATE THE WEATHER. CLIMATE CHANGE LOCKDOWN COMING SOON, SHEEPLE WILL EAT UP THE LIES. FREEDOMOFSPEECH1111 ERNESTO - VOLCANOES ERUPTING AND EARTHQUAKES HAPPENING ALL OVER THE WORLD RIGHT NOW, 5G AND HAARP CAN MANIPULATE THE WEATHER.CLIMATE CHANGE LOCKDOWN COMING SOON, SHEEPLE WILL EAT UP THE LIES.PEOPLE THAT ARE AWAKE MUST UNITE.	4_1
Unmasking the Latest Bipartisan (and Dangerous) Climate Bill. It is summer in the United States, which means temperatures are hot and western forests and grasslands are burningas has been the case as long as people have lived here.	2_1
Unusual algae blooms turn Antarctic snow red and green. This color change is probably due to a bloom of microscopic algae.	3_2
ClimateScam: Do We Have to Destroy the Earth to Save It? Do wind turbines and solar farms hold the keys to saving the environment?Michael Shellenberger, founder of Environmental Progress and noted climate activist, used to think so.Now hes not so sure.	4_1
European Environmental Bureau EUs Fit for 55 is unfit and unfair. The European Commission will release on 14 July the latest instalment of the European Green Deal: Fit for 55, details of which have been leaked to the press.This package is meant to align a wide range of EU policies with the EUs 55% net emissions reduction target for 2030.	5_2
Video: CO2 is not a Pollutant Exposing the Fraud Behind the Global Reset/Green New Deal. VIDEO: CO2 IS NOT A POLLUTANT EXPOSING THE FRAUD BEHIND THE GLOBAL RESET/GREEN NEW DEAL.	3_3
Climate emergency includes the threat of Nuclear Winter. When world leaders gather in Scotland next week for the COP26 climate change conference, activists will be pushing for drastic action to end the worlds catastrophic reliance on fossil fuels.Consciousness about the climate emergency has skyrocketed in recent years, while government responses remain meager.	0_0
Geoffrey Lean Glasgows COP26 is crunch time to save the world from disaster. in September 1987.That had been a tough negotiation, even after the 1985 discovery of the Antarctic ozone hole, and the final agreement was so delicate that the text could not be translated from English into the other five official UN languages, lest their nuances upset the consensus.	0_0
Woman Boiling Urine Blamed For Wildfire Media Claimed Was Due to Climate Change. A woman who was boiling bear urine while hiking was charged with arson in connection to a wildfire that destroyed at least 41 homes in California, according to media.The Palo Alto woman, 30-year-old Alexandra Souverneva, plead not guilty during a recent arraignment which attracted an angry crowd of now-homeless residents.	5_2
Over the thousands of years thats been recorded weve had both colder times and warmer times. It happens to be that weve recently come out of a warmer time and now actually were headed in to a little bit of a colder time.	2_1
CBS Mocked for Blaming Rise of Taliban on 'Climate Change'. CBS beclowning itself?Surely I jest, right?Yeah, no.	5_2
Nolte: Scientists Admit Covering Up Lab Leak Theory to Avoid Being Associated with Trump. By way of an unforgivable (but very revealing) act of silence, several scientists now admit to having misled the country for more than a year by covering up their belief that the coronavirus lab leak theory is valid enough to warrant investigation.In other words, heres one more reason to never again trust the scientific community.	0_0
Greg Hunter: War On God & Gods Going to Win! - Catherine Austin Fitts - Must Video. By Greg Hunters USAWatchdog.com Former Assistant Secretary of Housing and publisher of The Solari Report Catherine Austin Fitts (CAF) says all thats happening now can be boiled down to one simple, but evil, concept.	0_0
Unraveling The Great Reset And The Irrational Global War On Carbon. , written in 2015, states: The recovery, rehabilitation and reconstruction phase, which needs to be prepared ahead of a disaster, is a critical opportunity to Build Back Better.With the 2020 emergence of the alleged global pandemic, human settlements have certainly been implementing plans.	0_0
The Glasgow summit, climate change, and the case for socialism. Heads of state, government ministers and thousands of other delegates from all corners of the globe are converging on Glasgow, Scotland, for two weeks of climate change talks beginning this weekend.Firefighters work at the scene of forest fire near Kyuyorelyakh village at Gorny Ulus area, west of Yakutsk, in Russia Thursday, Aug. 5, 2021.	0_0
Environmentalists Block M25 Again, Thank Police For Kind Treatment. After environmentalists from far-left group Insulate Britain, an offshoot of Extinction Rebellion, blocked the M25 yet again, they thanked the police for treating them kindly.And therein lies the problem.	5_2
"Unprecedented cold in Texas and other states proves that so-called "renewable energy" is an unmitigated disaster that will kill Americans. ) Earlier this week millions of Texans awoke to freezing and near-zero temperatures and no electricity to keep them warm.The Lone Star State, like the rest of the country, had been struck by unprecedented, and unseasonably, cold temperatures of the kind usually reserved for states situated along the Canadian border."	4_4
UK: World leaders arrive at COP26 summit in Glasgow. Global leaders gathered in the Scottish capital of Glasgow on Monday to participate in the United Nations Climate Change Conference, known as COP26.	0_0
Biden's EPA deletes inconvenient data showing no man-made climate change. ) With Joe Biden now at the helm, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has decided to reinstate its Climate Change Indicator (CCI) platform, which is heavily manipulated to support the man-made climate change conspiracy theory.	5_1
Floods in Greece expose the fatal consequences of climate change and austerity policies. In recent decades, there have been repeated flood disasters in Greece, which have had a disastrous impact on the lives of the working class due to the governments austerity policies under the dictates of the European Union and the International Monetary Fund.	0_0
Nolte: NY Times Spread Fake News that East Coast Beaches Would Be Gone by 2020. ost of the beaches on the East Coast of the United States would be gone in 25 years, the fake New York Times told the world 25 years ago, all the way back in 1995.Fact check: Its 2021 and Americas East Coast beaches are doing just fine!	1_6
Whats behind Teslas $1 trillion market valuation? A 2021 Model 3 sedan sits in a Tesla lot.(AP Photo/David Zalubowski) On Monday, Tesla, the leading electric car company, owned by Elon Musk, achieved a market valuation of over $1 trillion.Tesla now joins Apple, Google, Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon among the ranks of corporations whose market capitalization has surpassed the $1 trillion mark.	0_0
3 Environmental Doomsday Myths, Debunked. Many young people clearly are suffering intense climate anxiety.And who can blame them?Because so much of the information they consume on the issue both from the news media and social media is apocalyptic in nature, this is an inevitable outcome.	5_2
Global warming and capitalism: Is CO2 more dangerous than impending nuclear war? ) If you listen to the climate alarmists, you might be forgiven for believing that carbon dioxide is the biggest issue of our time more dangerous, somehow, than even nuclear war.	5_2
Let's Talk About Depopulation Theories: Population Reduction, Event 201, Georgia Guidestones, 5G & Graphene . Tonight, we are going to discuss depopulation theories.Now, these theories have been around for a while but unfortunately, they are beginning to not seem so far-fetched.These theories will include a review of politicians & other public figures favorite talking point - population reduction.	0_0
"Jeff Bezos Leads Parade Of 400 Private Jets To COP26 With $65M Gulfstream. According to the Daily Mail, Amazon founder Jeff Bezos 'has led a 400-strong parade of private jets into COP25,' which includes Prince Albert of Monaco, tons of other royals, and dozens of "green" CEOs - creating a giant traffic jam which required empty planes to fly 30 miles away to 'nearby' Prestwick to find parking."	0_0
Germany: Electricity and gas still missing for some Ahrweiler residents after devastating floods. Ahrweiler residents shared views on their living situations two and a half months after the catastrophic floods in western Germany.Many did get back electricity, but not everyone, and not gas, though winter is coming, and its autumn now and people can really heat their places, said Anja, one of local residents.	0_0
The Great Nonsense of the Great Reset. The Great Reset is the latest deceptive euphemism for totalitarian socialism that is being promoted by yet another group of wealthy corporate elitists who think they can centrally plan the entire world economy.They are essentially the ideological heirs of Frederick Engels and his intellectual puppet Karl Marx.	5_2
The Effects of Climate Change on the Wildlife Around Us and the Exciting Possibility of Groundwater Recharge with Dr. Steven Ostoja. What does the future hold for us in the scope of near-future climate change?From drought to fire, new solutions are needed now more than ever.	0_0
Horwitz on the Climate Change Debate: Social Science too (Part I). Does that make one a denier? It is that question I hope to answer indirectly below.To help clarify whats at stake, I offer a list of questions that are (or should be) at the center of the debate over anthropogenic (human-caused) global warming.	2_3
The Bottom Line Is, The Watchmen Were Right All Along We Are Going Through Massive Depopulation As Forecast By Deagel And Called For On The Georgia Guidestones. by Stefan Stanford, Much More Evil And Mass Murder Will Be Carried Out By The Globalists To Complete Their Agenda.	5_2
"It won't be pleasant" - Mark Carney unveils dystopian new world to combat climate 'crisis'. Since the advent of the COVID pandemic, Carney has been front and centre in the promotion of a political agenda known as the "Great Reset," or the "Green New Deal," or "Building Back Better."	5_2
Britons Should Eat Less Meat, Tax Sugar and Salt: UK Govt-Backed Review. Britons should eat one-third less meat, and salt and sugar must be taxed, according to a review commissioned by the government, which also recommends subsidies from the taxpayer to promote the development of alternative proteins, which could include lab-grown meat.	0_0
National Day of Prayer: Joe Biden Mentions Racial Justice, Climate Change, Not God. President Joe Biden issued a proclamation for Thursdays celebration of the National Day of Prayer in which he failed to mention God, but said the day is one in which Americans of faith can call upon the power of prayer as they confront racial justice and the existential threat of climate change.	5_2
A Scientist Scientifically Uses Science to Debunk Global Warming Alarmist Pseudo-Science. A 21st-century version of Lysenkoism has become the dominant pseudoscience of the American Left, with ever-changing theories associated with anthropogenic global warming having shaped Democrat control policies and crackpot economic schemes for over a generation.	5_1
BBC Producing ClimateGate Drama Depicting Disgraced Scientists as Victims of Hacking. Igor Kutyaev/iStock/Getty Images Plus.The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) has revealed plans to make a dramatic film about the 2009 ClimateGate e-mail scandal involving scientists at the Climatic Research Unit (CRU) at the University of East Anglia in Norwich, England.	0_0
Why Net-Zero Is A Suicide Mission For Canada. The problem with this lofty language is that it refuses to recognize the tradeoffs at play.	4_1
That Surprise Merger Of The WASHINGTON POST And BABYLON BEE Is Starting To Show Synergy. By Michael E. Miller June 15, 2021 at 2:14 a.m. PDT.In September 2019, the streets of Auckland, New Zealand, were a sea of protesters.Across the globe, several million people were marching as part of the School Strike 4 Climate youth movement sparked by Swedish teenager Greta Thunberg.	0_0
China Joe Biden & Wall St. Globalists Continue War on U.S. Coal While Aiding Chinas Coal Spree. philip hens/iStock/Getty Images Plus.Communist China is steaming full-speed ahead to build more coal-fired power plants and to mine and burn mountains of coal, with the help of Wall Street, including investment giant BlackRock, which is closely tied to President Joe Biden.	5_2
Committee Advising UK on Carbon Emissions Program Pushing for Reduced Meat Eating. The British governments independent advisory body, the Committee on Climate Change, says there needs to be a reduction in meat and dairy consumption in order to meet carbon emission targets.	0_0
Studies Claim Recent Global Warming Driven by Factors Other Than Humans. by James Murphy, A trio of recent studies published from June through September of this year have concluded that observed warming in the first two decades of the 21st century is more likely due to increases in absorbed solar radiation than humankinds emissions of greenhouse gases.	2_3
The U.S. is not ready for an all-electric future. ) The setting of a net-zero target by the Biden Administration was the first step toward decarbonization of the energy system and industry.But having a target is the easiest part of Americas energy transition.Now comes the much more difficult part of making all those proposals and ideas for a greener future work.	4_5
California Bans Small Off-Road Gas Engines, Including Lawnmowers And Chainsaws. California moved one step closer to ending reliance on fossil fuels as Democratic Gov.Gavin Newsom signed a new bill into law on Sunday to ban all off-road gas-powered engines.The new law requires the state to apply the new rule by Jan. 1, 2024, or as soon as regulators determine is feasible, whichever date is later, according to the bill.	4_2
Police: Climate Protesters Arrested Outside Ted Cruzs Home. Several climate change demonstrators protesting outside Sen. Ted Cruzs (R-TX) residence in his home state of Texas were arrested Monday, according to local law enforcement.Protesters finished the last mile of a 40 day and 400 mile climate march from New Orleans in Houston today.	0_0
WATCH: Climate Loons Insulate Britain Block off Parts of UKs Busiest Motorway for Second Time This Week. An Extinction Rebellion splinter group has blocked a motorway in England for the second time in three days, as police are facing calls to take a stronger line on the disruptive actions from the climate change alarmists.	5_2
How to use People's QE to fight climate change. This is the uncut version of the final chapter of my book, The Case for Peoples Quantitative Easing.It was written May/June 2018, so is slightly out of date (though I have updated it in places).But I believe its conclusions are right.	0_0
WWF: Climate Change Is Converting Mediterranean into a Tropical Sea. ROME, Italy The Mediterranean is turning into a tropical sea due to rising global temperatures, the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) warned in a June report.The WWF claims the Mediterranean is becoming the fastest-warming and the saltiest sea on the planet, a situation calling for urgent action to stem the warming process.	0_0
Feds Caught Deleting Data to Make It Appear That Climate Change Causes Wildfires. DaveAlan/iStock/Getty Images Plus.A federal agency has been caught tampering with historical wildfire data in an obvious effort to make wildfire prevalence and severity appear to be correlated with alleged global warming.	5_1
Reuters: Vanishing tropical rainforests. With humans destroying tropical rainforests faster than any other type of woodland, the worlds largest living store of greenhouse gas is rapidly vanishing along with hopes of avoiding catastrophic climate change Read Simon Wren-Lewis who is not a corbynite, has long been an astute critic of British media.	0_0
Globalists Warned Of A Hunger Pandemic Ahead Of The Engineered Famine And Reset Of The US Food System Now Pushing Us Towards The Brink Of Starvation. In May of 2019, there were a few stories that erupted about a coming food shortage, a Catastrophic Food Shortage.What we were working ourselves into was obvious even two plus years ago.	4_1
No ice may be left by 2100 glaciologist. Rising sea levels, cities covered with smog, hurricanes, and storms wreaking havoc climate change is an issue of our own making that could soon be felt in every corner of the planet.Can we reverse it?Or is it too late?	0_0
Path To A Greener Future: Tax Kids Or Just Ban Them Outright. Ironies of Build Back Better.President Biden wants free college education, free preschool for kids, and increased child tax credits.All of these proposals subsidize the single worst thing we can do for the environment: have kids.	0_0
Doug Casey: Why The Carbon Hysteria Is A Huge Threat To Your Personal Freedom And Financial Wellbeing. These things happened not because of any government mandates but simply because they made both economic and technological sense.If the market had been left alone, the world would undoubtedly be running on nuclear.Nuclear is unquestionably the safest, cheapest, and cleanest type of mass power generation.	4_5
Higher concentrations of carbon dioxide make plants more productive because photosynthesis relies on using the suns energy to synthesise sugar out of carbon dioxide and water. Plants and ecosystems use the sugar both as an energy source and as the basic building block for growth.	3_3
Deleted Government Report Celebrates How Public Loves to Conform. Climate change technocrats plan on using same methods that convinced public to obey lockdown.	5_2
New Poll: Americans Arent Willing to Pay for the Green New DealAnd Its Not Even Close. .By Brad Polumbo Americans largely agree that climate change and pollution are real problems.	4_5
The Fraud of Climate Change And the Drive for Control. Man-made Climate Change is being used as the catalyst for tall tales of melting ice caps, drowning polar bears, and flooded islands.Its even being blamed for a rise in wars and poverty.In the name of Climate Change there is a drive to destroy Free markets and the very concepts of limited Government, private property, and individual liberty.	5_2
The Threat of Genetically Engineered Food is now Greater than Ever. I have for decades been deeply concerned about genetic engineering and the way it is endangering all our lives.The following piece is taken from my book `Meat Causes Cancer.And other Food for Thought (the first edition of which was published in 1994).	0_0
CBS Accused of Eco-Overreach After Claiming CLIMATE CHANGE Helped Strengthen Taliban. CBS has been accused of spinning fanciful, Greta Thunberg-inspired yarns about the disastrous outcome of the nearly 20-year war in Afghanistan, after claiming that the Taliban received outside support from climate change.	5_2
Media Cant Handle The Climate Truth Wall Street Journal. The report also notes, as the press never does, the full impact of these emissions wont be manifested until decades, even a century, later.	5_2
Bill Gates joins bidding war to buy the world's largest private jet operator one month before he releases his book preaching about climate change. Bill Gates has been accused of hypocrisy after entering a bid to buy the world's largest private jet operator, just one month before he releases a book preaching about climate change.	5_2
Laura Basu Forget tulips and windmills, the Netherlands is the dirty old man of Europe. Progressives in the UK and US often seem to think that if we only had proportional representation all our political woes would be solved.But if the Netherlands is anything to go by, think again.	0_0
The Climate Censors. By John STOSSEL.Whom does Facebook trust to censor?A Ph.D. graduate from France.	0_0
The Revenge of the Fossil Fuels. by Jim Rickards, What have the climate alarmists been screaming about for the past 40 years or so?Their agenda is well-known.They want to close nuclear plants; shut down coal electric generators; eliminate natural gas and oil-fired electrical plants; and substitute wind, solar and hydropower in their place.	4_4
Billionaire Michael Bloomberg Launches Effort to Stop Coal Use in 25 Countries. Over the last decade, Bloomberg Philanthropies has helped shut down two-thirds of coal-fired power plants in the US and half in Europe - and that work continues.	0_0
NATO proven feckless again as Erdogan asserts dominance ahead of G20 (Full show). Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatened to expel ten ambassadors from his country, seven of whom represent fellow member states of NATO.The move stems from the ambassadors signing onto an open letter urging the release of a Turkish businessman associated with the political opposition.	0_0
theres always going to be either cooling or warming going on.	2_1
What To Expect From The COP26 Climate Summit. The COP26 climate summit is set to begin next Sunday in Glasgow.The summit has been touted as one of the most important international events for the past few yearsan event where world leaders will attempt to come up with a concerted effort to reduce emissions.But there are multiple factors working against the summit's success.	0_0
CLIMATE CHANGE HOAX: Senator Malcolm Roberts - 'There is no global warming'. NEVER FORGET The same evil people, cabal globalists are behind Covid HOAX, Climate change SCAM & other FRAUDS to advance their DEPOPULATION agenda.Its Up to Us to Stop Them!	5_2
Russia wants to save the 'lungs of the planet' by selling them to China. Vladimir Putin and Xi Jinping did not go to the G20 climate change conference because they did not want to deal with uncomfortable questions there, environmentalist Pavel Sukhonin believes.Copyright 1999-2021, PRAVDA.Ru.When reproducing our materials in whole or in part, hyperlink to PRAVDA.Ru should be made.	0_0
American Oligarchy: Bill Gates Star at Sun Valley Summer Camp... ...Gives Climate Change Lecture to Jet-Owning Billionaires! Bill Gates and Jeff Bezos have both reportedly been spotted at the annual billionaire summer camp held in Sun Valley, Idaho, this week.Non-scientist Gates is attending to give a lecture on climate change to the assembled Big Tech Masters of the Universe and media moguls.	0_0
G7 Leaders to Agree Anti-Coal, Anti-Car, and Carbon-Cutting Targets. (AFP) G7 leaders were on Sunday urged to take urgent action to secure the future of the planet, as they finalised new conservation and emissions targets to curb climate change, and wrapped up a three-day summit where revived Western unity has been on show.	0_0
Geoengineering Is The Primary Cause Of Global Climate Change, Not CO2! Nonstop Chemical Geoengineering Has Pushed the Planet into Climate Chaos by Purposeful NWO Design! Because chemical geoengineering has become the new normal there can only be one disastrous result.The world community of nations has been experiencing those weather calamities for many years now.Each country has a tale of weather woe to report no matter where they are located.	2_3
COP26 & The Great Reset: The Not So Glorious Prospect Of Owning Nothing. Either you go along with the green program (that ignores nuclear as green) or you dont get credit.Which is a policy that will, and is, quite predictably driving up energy prices.	5_2
Cats and Dogs and the Planet. C ats and dogs come with a steep carbon pawprint.This is mainly because of their diet, which includes a lot of meat and animal products.	0_0
Smashing Atoms: The History Of Uranium And Nuclear Power. These experiments proved that uranium could produce energy through fission.However, the first peaceful use of nuclear fission did not come until 1951, when Experimental Breeder Reactor I (EBR-1) in Idaho generated the first electricity sourced from nuclear power.The Power of the Atom: Nuclear Power and Clean Energy.	0_0
Floods in Greece expose the fatal consequences of climate change and austerity policies. Passengers wade through rainwater after a bus got stuck in a flooded underpass, October 14, 2021 (AP Photo / Thanassis Stavrakis) Heavy rains led to devastating floods across Greece in mid-October.	0_0
The Covid-Driven Global Takeover Exposes the Real Threat of the Contrived Climate Change Agenda. by Gary D. Barnett, Lew Rockwell: As a geologist, I love Earth observations, but it is ridiculous to tie this objective to a consensus that humans are causing global warming when human experience, geologic data and history, and current cooling can argue otherwise.	2_3
"Dr. Roger Higgs exposes 'breathtaking scale of NASA-Hadcrut temperature-fixing fraud'. This new contribution will make for interesting discussion at the imminent United Nations 26th Climate Change Conference (Glasgow, Oct 31 - Nov 12, 2021), titled 'Uniting the World to Tackle Climate Change" What a complete and utter farce: not only is Earth now cooling (again), but how does one 'tackle' solar variations?"	1_2
Lees dit ook! 700 deskundigen tegen EU: 'There is no Climate Emergency'. Your Excellencies, There is no Climate Emergency.A global network of more than 700 knowledgeable and experienced scientists and professionals have the honor to submit to Your Excellencies the attached European Climate Declaration, for which the signatories to this letter are the national ambassadors.	5_1
Human action (not gases) blamed for most of Italys summer fires. Whatever the motivations of forest fire arsonists, theyre out there in numbers.Climate propagandists may not want to look too closely at such inconvenient details.Dry conditions in summer are not necessarily evidence of climate change due to humans.	5_2
Many Brits underwhelmed by so-called climate crisis, Sky News poll finds. The prospect of a cool country becoming marginally warmer, should that happen, isnt an urgent problem or maybe even any problem for the average Brit, judging by this poll.Climate fearmongers may need to look elsewhere for a good source of propaganda victims.	5_2
Woke Childrens Books: Indoctrinating the Next Generation of Radicals. In the ongoing ideological battle between culture warriors on the Left and free marketers on the Right, the Left continues to push the envelope with its aggressive messaging tactics.	5_2
UK grocery stores now have Potemkin food: Links 3, October 24, 2021. 1.It becomes clearer that the CDC sets policy on what is good for the pharmaceutical industry and not the public or health.Meet Dr. Paul, who did a study on vaccinated vs unvaccinated and five days later he got his license pulled by an emergency board meeting.	0_0
October Friday Finish 2 Months Left in 2021. 2021 has flown by.Life moves fast when youre not locked in your home all day like most of us were in 2020.	0_0
"Bernie Sanders: Joe Biden Inheriting Worst Economy, Climate Change, Racist Immigration System. Sen. Bernie Sanders said Joe Biden is inheriting the "worst economy since the Great Depression" from Donald Trump."	0_0
Oeko Institute Nuclear energy is not a zero-risk technology. As the Oeko Institute points out, the EU Commission has not appropriately dealt with the facts in deciding to declare nuclear energy a sustainable energy.The Oe ko-Institut Institute for Applied Ecology ) is a non-profit, private-sector environmental research institute in Germany.	4_4
Climate Activism, Captured in One Instagram Post. The other day, during my daily dose of immersion in the cesspool of leftist propaganda that is Instagram, I came across a post that perfectly captures the essence of climate activism.The post comes from Bill Nye, the man who was once a well-liked and entertaining television personality and children's science educator.	5_2
Earth Is Cooling As Radical Greens Continue To Fight Global Warming. I hope that global warming is incorrect.But, I dont think your statement, Obviously, global warming cannot be responsible for so much cold, is obvious at all.It would seem to be an example of common sense, but, for instance, as quantum mechanics has shown, there is no guarantee that common sense is correct.	1_3
...Bette Midler Suggests TX Storm Gods Payback to Cruz, Cornyn. As millions of Texans suffer through an unprecedented winter storm that has caused widespread power outages and has claimed the lives of at least 21 people, actress Bette Midler is using their hardship to score political points, seeming to argue that the storm is payback from God against Sens.Ted Cruz and John Cornyn.	1_7
Wikipedia is more one-sided than ever. ) All encyclopedic content on Wikipedia, declares a policy page, must be written from a neutral point of view NPOV ). This is essential policy, believe it or not.Maybe that will be hard to believe, if you have read many Wikipedia articles on controversial topics lately.	0_0
Delingpole: Study Disputes That Earth Is in a Climate Emergency. There is no climate emergency, according to a study for the Global Warming Policy Foundation by independent scientist Dr Indur Goklany.Goklany concludes: While climate may have changed for the warmer: Most extreme weather phenomena have not become more extreme, more deadly, or more destructive.	1_7
Sleepy Joe: Biden Falls Asleep During UN Climate Conference. Puppet president continues to humiliate himself and the country on the world stage.Joe Biden appeared to fall asleep during the United Nations Climate Change Conference on Monday, prompting a staffer to wake him up to clap for the speech he snoozed through.How embarrassing.	0_0
National Park Removes Glaciers Will Be Gone by 2020 Signs. A national park has removed glaciers will be gone by 2020 signs because the global warming prediction never came true.Glacier National Park made headlines when it removed park signs meant to highlight climate change predictions by the U.S. Geological Survey.	1_7
"Scientists warn CO2 and global warming "biggest misdirection" in scientific history. ) While many so-called experts continue to demonize carbon dioxide and global warming as threats to the planet, others have quietly been criticizing the theory, pointing out faults in its thinking."	2_3
Are We About to Face Rise in ECO-TERRORISM Once Covid-19 Pandemic is Over? Amid post-Covid-19 economic recovery, the risk of climate-activist eco-terrorism is increasing, and with it the danger of political elites co-opting its motives to implement contentious green regulatory regimes.As the world wrestled with Covid-19 in 2020, another sinister crisis, years in the making, was erupting beneath the radar.	5_2
Expert says Paris climate agreement is economically and environmentally flawed as US rejoins accord. (Natural News) President Joe Biden on Wednesday, Jan. 20, signed an executive order to rejoin the Paris climate agreement.It was one of his first moves as president and it could prove devastating to the economy of the United States.Nicolas Loris, deputy director of the Thomas A. Roe Institute for Economic Policy Studies at the Heritage. )	4_2
August 2, 2021 | Scientism: When Science Becomes Religion. The popular slogan today is Believe in science. Its often used as a weapon against people who reject not science in principle but rather one or another prominent scientific proposition, whether it be about the COVID-19 vaccine, climate change, nutrition (low-fat versus low-carb eating), to mention a few.	5_1
HUGE anti-lockdown protest hits London, as city braces for weekend of demonstrations. Thousands of protesters are marching through London demanding an end to lockdown restrictions.The weekend will be a busy one for the city's police, with climate change and anti-austerity protests also taking place.	0_0
Climate Change Committee misled Parliament about the cost of Net Zero. Obfuscation and greenwash in the name of climate policy exposed once again.	5_2
Thanks for nothing Sen. Manchin and the GOP. Self-proclaimed moderate, but in reality, coal whore, Sen. Joe (Global warming?What global warming?)Manchin demanded cuts to the Democrats Build Back Better program.	0_0
Brr its freezing, the CO2 global warming hoax like the virus hoax is exposed for all to see and feel. Mirror.	1_3
Establishment Now Advocating Lockdowns Not to Save You From Covid, But From Climate Change. by Matt Agorist, According to her bio on her website, Mariana Francesca Mazzucato is an economist with dual ItalianUS citizenship.She is a professor at University College London in Economics of Innovation and Public Value and she is the founder and director of their Institute for Innovation and Public Purpose.	0_0
"Global Cooling: An Inconvenient History of the Climate Change Hoax. You've heard of "Climate Change," and you've probably heard of its predecessor "Global Warming" - but unless you lived through the 1970s, you may not remember the MSM/Liberal/Academic scam that mothered them all: Global Cooling."	5_2
studies show that, up to a certain point, crops and other plants grow better in the presence of higher carbon dioxide levels and seem to be more drought-tolerant. But this benefit is a two-edged sword: weeds, many invasive plant species, and insect pests will also thrive in a warmer world.	3_3
COVID & Climate hot topics at G20 Summit. Aside from economic initiatives, COVID and climate change took up much of the agenda at this years G20 Summit in Rome.While the pandemic continued to be top of mind, the state of the planet eclipsed all other issues.RT Americas Alex Mihailovich has the story.	0_0
China Mocks 'Puppet' Greta Thunberg for 'Skipping School'. Thunberg became famous for leading a campaign called Fridays for Future, in which she encouraged students to not go to school on Fridays as a strike protest urging the governments of the world to act against climate change.	4_1
"Global Warming Hardliners John Legend and Chrissy Teigen Took Private Jet to Biden Inauguration. Climate change advocates Chrissy Teigen and NBC's "The Voice" star John Legend were seen, as the Daily Mail reported, boarding a private jet in California on Tuesday as they headed to D.C. to perform for Joe Biden's inaugural event.Popstar Legend is set to perform on Wednesday evening after Joe Bidens swearing-in ceremony."	5_2
1. Februar 2021 | Wie gefalschte Walross-Geschichten dazu beigetragen haben, den groartigen Reset des WEF in Davos zu verkaufen. Fake news propaganda of dying walruses allegedly killed by climate change reduced the Davos elite to tears.	5_2
BILL GATES AND THE UNCERTAIN FUTURE OF FOOD SECURITY. begin in the UK.	0_0
Researchers Propose Personal Carbon Allowance to Fight Climate Change. toniton/iStock/Getty Images Plus Academics have published a proposal that would have every adult human being on Earth carry a Personal Carbon Allowance device in order to track an individuals carbon consumption.The idea was published in the climate=alarmist journal Nature Sustainability.	5_2
Planning on new ... The United Nations Climate Change Conference has opened in Glasgow, Scotland.Known as COP26, the summit brings world leaders together to negotiate a way to avoid catastrophic climate change.	0_0
Our saviours assemble,, By Savant. Posted by By Savant October 30, 2021 From the four corners of the globe the earth-savers came.By plane, private jet, train and automobile, choking Glasgow (The City Of Brotherly Love) with noxious fumes of petrol, diesel, aviation fuel and hairy unwashed armpits.	5_2
October 29, 2021. With humans destroying tropical rainforests faster than any other type of woodland, the worlds largest living store of greenhouse gas is rapidly vanishing along with hopes of avoiding catastrophic climate change Read here Book Review by Dirk Bezemer Steve Keen did it again.	0_0
Experts: Eco-Imperialists Preventing Forest Management Lead to Wildfires, Not Climate Change. The basic problem with our national forests and our BLM forest is too many trees, Myron Ebell, director of the Center for Energy and Environment at the Competitive Enterprise Institute, said.We have thickets, not forests. California, they have four times too many trees per acre, Ebell said.	5_2
"BoJo Kicks Off COP26 Summit By Comparing Climate Change To "Bond Villain". After the G-20 members gathered over the weekend to discuss critical issues like climate change ahead of the two-week-long frenzied UN climate crisis which has taken on the unfortunate nickname of COP26, which even UK PM Boris Johnson has criticized as "too vague"."	0_0
Tides And Hurricane Activity Impacted The Maya Civilization What Can This Tell About Modern Climate Change? New research shows changes in tides and hurricane activity played a part in upending the Maya civilization centuries ago.Changes to the water table throughout the Yucatan Peninsula impacted the Maya and now offer lessons on the effects of present-day climate change, researchers say.- All about the ancient world.	0_0
The reason why average ocean level is almost impossible to define or measure is because land is constantly moving up and down for numerous reasons, while ocean masses shift even more so. How do you get an average out of it? Contrivers will pick the results they want, as they did for temperature measurements.	5_1
WEF-Linked Bioethicist Called For Genetically Modifying Humans To Induce Meat Intolerance. A bioethicist linked to the World Economic Forums Great Reset called for human beings to be genetically engineered to become smaller in size and meat-intolerant in the name of fighting climate change.	4_1
"Digital Boilers" Powered By Bitcoin Mining Rigs To Supply North Vancouver With Heat. Mining cryptocurrency is an energy-intensive industry.The main by-product of high-powered computers verifying Bitcoin, Etherum, and or Ripple transactions on the blockchain is an excessive amount of heat that often goes to waste."	0_0
Study says Earth is dimming due to climate change but may be natural? Halfway through this article we see the studys findings were made where increases in sea surface temperatures have been recorded because of the reversal of a climatic condition called the Pacific Decadal Oscillation , with likely connections to global climate change.	2_1
These mandates and these wind farms are all based on this fraudulent science from the EPA, meaning their claim that CO2 is a pollutant and is causing global warming. Im sure youre familiar with one of the leading climate research centers in the world there at East Anglia University in England, the Hadley Research Centre. The director, Phil Jones, his emails, he admitted that he was falsifying temperature data. The reason he had to do this is because the data was showing the global climate is actually declining in temperature, temperatures were going down. He was overlaying higher temperatures on the real data to show that it was actually rising. We know the globe is cooling. Number one, we know that. So the idea that CO2 is somehow causing global warming is on its face fraudulent.	1_2
Here's why going green will backfire: Fossil fuel divestment will increase carbon emissions, warn experts. ) The global campaign to encourage divestment from fossil fuel companies in order to pressure them to lessen their carbon dioxide emissions may actually Divestment campaigns have gained steam across the world as a means to combat climate change.	4_2
Investigating The Mass Hysteria Over 1 Degree In Climate Change Since 1850. Global surface temperature was 1.09 C higher in 2011 2020 than 18501900, with larger increases over land (1.59 C) than over the ocean (0.88 C).The estimated increase in global surface temperature since AR5 is principally due to further warming since 20032012 (+0.19 C).	0_0
If you take a look at this over the past thousand years, youll see a cycle up, a cycle down	2_1
EU Launches New Plan to Tax Foreign Companies For Pollution Created in Bid to Meet Climate Goals. BRUSSELS (AP) The European Union on Wednesday is unveiling sweeping new legislation to help meet its pledge to cut emissions of the gases that cause global warming by 55% over this decade, including a controversial plan to tax foreign companies for the pollution they cause.	0_0
We are having a record-breaking cold snap in many parts of the country. And right on schedule the media have to come up with a way to make it sound like its completely unprecedented. Because theyve got to find a way to attach this to the global warming agenda, and they have. Its called the polar vortex.	1_3
"Biden's Last-Ditch Attempt to Consolidate Dems on Historic $1.75 Trillion Bill Before Europe Trip. Joe Biden may have hailed his revamped almost two trillion spending plan as a "historic economic framework tailored to render the US more competitive and resilient, but he has been forced to fly to Europe without securing explicit endorsement from all 50 Democratic senators to get the package passed."	0_0
"Hundreds of climate scientists demand immediate end to Bill Gates' genocidal "solar dimming" project. (Natural News) One of humanitys primary sources of life, the sun, is under attack by genocidal maniac Bill Gates, who wants to artificially dim it with aerosols in order to stop global warming. A growing cohort of scientists, however, is saying no way.The Calgary-based Friends of Science Society has issued a press release calling. )"	0_0
STUDY: 70% of Men Would Rather Die Early Than Give Up Meat. Normal functions of men and humans alike, also known as toxic masculinity by the left, reign supreme again in a new study conducted by No Meat May.	4_1
Nations Arent Acting as If Climate Change Poses Existential Crisis. Political leaders and media personalities are fond of saying climate change poses an existential threat to humans and the planet.The weight of scientific evidence doesnt support this oft-made claim.Before Its News is a community of individuals who report on whats going on around them, from all around the world.	2_3
Russia: Rise of temperatures in the country faster than global average - Putin tells G20. Average annual temperatures have been rising in Russia more than 2.5 times faster than the global average, President Vladimir Putin told the G20 summit in Rome, speaking via videolink from Novo-Ogaryovo on Sunday.He also explained that in 10 years it has increased by almost half a degree.	0_0
USA: Indigenous people and climate activists protest for 3rd day outside White House. About 50 activists were detained at a protest outside the White House in Washington DC, on Wednesday, as protesters gathered for a third day of a planned five-day protest.Protesters marched early in the morning from Freedom Plaza to the White House, where they chanted and held up signs demanding action from Biden.	0_0
WATCH: 'Revolution or Ruin' Extinction Rebellion Activist Says Only Socialism Can Stop Climate Change. WATCH: Revolution or Ruin Extinction Rebellion Activist Says Only Socialism Can Stop Climate Change At an Extinction Rebellion protest on Saturday, a speaker claimed that the socialist model, along the lines of Communist Cuba, is the only way to combat supposedly man-made climate change.	5_2
Good News On Climate. The idea that we are currently experiencing a dangerous deterioration in our weather has been pushed so hard, and for so long, that the man in the Clapham Uber is now thoroughly convinced.	5_2
Why EU suggest that everyone owes it? Brussels is very active in searching for enemies guilty of its own problems.The number of accusations grows as the problems pile up.Integrally, climate change is the sole guilt of western countries since the start of the industrial revolution.	5_2
Bidens Anti-Eurasian Green Delusion and Americas Race to Irrelevance. The gods have certainly made those elites managing the west mad, but whether or not the entire world will have to pay the price of their insanity yet remains to be seen.	4_1
17 Marz 2021 | Professor: Energy Justice Police Will Track Your Carbon Footprints. No, there wont be any escape.Fully expect your future carbon footprints to be traced to a crime scene subject to climate and energy justice violations in the high tribunal of sustainability.The prospective charges?	5_2
POPE FRANCIS AND THE VATICAN WILL BRING THE ONE WORLD RELIGION OF CHRISLAM TO THE UNITED NATIONS COP26 CLIMATE CHANGE CONFERENCE IN GLASGOW. The Vatican hopes a meeting where world religious leaders will take a common stand on the environment can raise ambitions on what can be achieved at next months U.N.Climate Change Conference, its foreign minister says.	0_0
Third global school strike against dangerous reopenings draws support from thousands worldwide. Laura, a college student in central Germany.The strikes won international support, with parents, educators, workers and students sending messages of support on social media, including short videos, from the UK, United States, France, Germany, Australia and other countries.	0_0
Chris Bambery Spain: When the judiciary runs the state. Alberto Rodriguez.Judge Manuel Marchena Gomez is one of the key political figures in Spain.Who you might ask?	0_0
Former Obama Science Advisor Takes an Axe to Climate Emergency Narrative. Nastco/iStock/Getty Images Plus.Much to the dismay of climate hysterics, the former science advisor to the Barack Obama administration is laying waste to claims that rampant global warming is a death sentence for humanity.	5_2
Climate change: Former UN vice chair calls on UK to review policies on burning wood for energy. As climate obsessives in the UK demand the cancellation of plans for a coal mine in Cumbria, the spotlight falls once more on the far more relevant issue of industrial-scale biomass burning, which produces more emissions of carbon dioxide than coal but rakes in fortunes in subsidies.	4_2
Record growth of coral cover on Great Barrier Reef provides latest proof that 'human-caused climate change' is a hoax. ) For five decades the Western left has been attempting to convince everyone that modern life is killing the planet and that in order to save it (and ourselves) we must give in to authoritarian, tyrannical control over all aspects of our lives.	5_2
BEST OF THE WEB: A record amount of snow and ice was added yesterday in Greenland - 4 gigatons in one day. Following a historic increase in snow and ice in late May, Greenland has seen huge gains at a time when it usually lost snow and ice.	1_1
"Russia wonders how the West may to switch to green energy if it needs black coal. The upcoming UN conference on climate change in Glasgow was supposed to show the world the triumph of the United States and the European Union as trendsetters for everything "green"."	4_5
Woke Scientists: Lockdowns Needed Every Two Years to Fight Climate Change. The lead author of the report, Corinne Le Quere, argues that we have failed to understand in the past that we cant have tackling climate change as a side issue.	0_0
Gig Economy Project Digital labour rights conference hears doubts that EU Commission platform work directive will go far enough. A two-day conference on the digital transition and labour rights heard labour law professors and politicians express fears that the EU Commissions plans to regulate platform work in December will not go far enough to fundamentally shift the dial when it comes to the unbalanced power distribution between platforms and their workers.	0_0
New NASA satellite data prove carbon dioxide is GREENING the Earth and restoring forests. ) The latest Vegetation Index data from NASA shows that the Earth is getting progressively greener and lusher over time.The planet is 10 percent greener today than it was in 2000, NASA says, which means better conditions for growing crops.Forests are also expanding while deserts are becoming more fertile and usable for agriculture.	3_3
As UK Sets Carbon Emissions Target, Campaigners Urge Culture Shift With Meat Considered a Treat. Last month the British government said it would cut carbon emissions by 78 percent by 2035 and would hit the net-zero target before 2050.The government says there will also be a need to reduce meat and dairy consumption.	5_2
Forget COP26, The G-20 Still Struggles To Meet COP15 And COP09. During a two-day meeting in Rome, the G-20 nations, which include the U.S., India and China, struggled to find consensus on how best to adhere to the 2015 Paris climate agreement.	0_0
The Worlds Young Guards, Implementing What Theyre Told. The World Guards GEFIRA.The notorious World Economic Forum headed by Klaus Schwab has spawned two worldwide youth organisations, i.e.the (2004) and the (2011).	0_0
One day you'll wake up - or you won't wake up, rather - buried beneath nine stories of snow. It's all part of a dependable, predictable cycle, a natural cycle that returns like clockwork every 11,500 years. And since the last ice age ended almost exactly 11,500 years ago	2_1
Severe drought hits California, worsening food production outlook as crops fail. ) The state of California, alongside much of the western U.S., is again facing severe drought .The drought hitting the Golden State has notably threatened its agriculture .With about four-fifths of Californias developed water allocated to growing crops, the drought itself is enough to raise alarm bells.	0_0
Majority of Swiss Refuse to Pay More for Fuel, Heating to Meet Climate Change Goals Survey. The majority of Swiss are reluctant to fund climate change goals from their own pocket, a new survey has shown.Younger people, and those living in rural areas, are especially unwilling to pay more for gas, heating and air travel.	0_0
Bill Gates Admits Carbon Footprint hypocrisy. Bill Gates on Carbon Footprint Criticism: Yes, Im a Strange Person to Be Talking About Climate Change Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates on Tuesday addressed the criticism he has received for speaking out on climate change while also producing a large carbon footprint with the use of flying in private jets.	5_2
Some policies which would cut human CO 2 output. The experts assembled for COP 26 claim that the worlds average temperature is rising and that the cause is the output of too much CO 2 and methane by mankind.This being so, shouldnt they require all anti Climate change conferences to be digital events?	5_2
Industrialization Is the Antidote to Global Poverty. Global Warming Activists Don't Care. Moreover, although GDP growth can signal government increases in the money supply rather than true increases in production , poverty reduction has tightly tracked GDP per capita growth in the developing world.	4_1
The Fraud of Climate Change And the Drive for Control. POSTED BY: FEBRUARY 5, 2021.The birth-pangs of Technocracy are painful and messy as pseudo-science is pitted against real science.Climate change (and the COVID-19 panic) are instruments used to stampede the world into Sustainable Development, aka Technocracy.	5_2
The Global Climate Wall. Cross-posted from Climate and Capitalism , an online journal focusing on capitalism, climate change, and the ecosocialist alternative.The worlds wealthiest countries are responding to the climate crisis by militarizing their borders.	0_0
How global warming makes weather events more extreme also in Israel. The floods that have killed over 180 people, mostly in Germany and Belgium, represent typical events that the world should expect to encounter more and more frequently as the temperatures on our planet rise, Dr. Ori Adam, Head of the academic committee of the Hebrew University Climate Science Center, said.	0_0
5G/EMF/RF: Whats Causing All the Terrible Forest Fires? (Greece) Have you ever been to the scene of a recent forest fire?It is a vision from hellall those charred tree trunks pointing black, accusing fingers at the sky, the piles of drifting grey ash.But the worst thing is the smell.	0_0
Green New Deal to remake US in radical left's own image, warn experts. ) On March 31, President Joe Biden introduced a massive $2 trillion plan to overhaul the countrys infrastructure .Now, proponents of the Green New Deal (GND) see success for their proposal in Bidens new plan.	0_0
James Muldoon Regulating Big Tech is not enough. We need platform socialism. The problems of the tech world are not limited to the data for a free product business model.Many companies put profit ahead of workers and local communities from Uber and Deliveroo paying riders below minimum wage to Airbnb destroying affordable housing and gentrifying previously diverse neighbourhoods.	0_0
Britain's climate getting warmer, sunnier and wetter - Met Office. Recent decades in Britain have been warmer, wetter and sunnier than in the last century, with last year the third warmest on record, a report by climate scientists said on Thursday.	0_0
Bill Gates gives speech demanding action on climate change... after moguls flew in on private jets. Bill Gates on Friday told his fellow billionaires that more needed to be done to combat climate change during an address at the annual Sun Valley conference in Idaho.With many of his fellow captains of industry, entertainment and technology having flown in by private jet, Gates told them the problem was real.	0_0
Scalise: Infrastructure Bill Uses Global Warming to Send Jobs to China. The Democrats proposed legislation would make China a preferable location for many business operations, Scalise warned.This is going to kill even more jobs , Scalise said.	4_1
Reporting on the environmental movement has always required a certain sense of humor. And now we have an expedition launched in part to study the melting of Antarctic ice sheets that has been trapped since Christmas in ice so thick that rescue attempts have failed to reach the frozen vessel.	1_1
Joe Biden: Record Heat in Portland Means We Must Spend More to Fight Climate Change. Doug Mills/New York Times/Pool/Getty Images.President Joe Biden expressed his alarm Tuesday over record high temperatures in Portland, promising to spend more money on natural infrastructure to fight climate change.	0_0
Impartial math shows wind energy failures worsened Texas's deadly power losses. We can learn from what happened in Texas if we have a serious and necessary conversation about renewable energy.But will we?Why did Texas lose power?	4_4
Apparent Atlantic warming cycle likely an artefact of climate forcing, modellers claim. No prizes for guessing who is behind this one.Climate models prove humans are the problem, not nature heard it before?	5_1
Wall Street 'Wins' Again As ESG Scam Infiltrates Retirement Plans. The U.S. Department of Labor today announced a proposed rule that would remove barriers to plan fiduciaries ability to consider climate change and other environmental, social and governance factors when they select investments and exercise shareholder rights.	5_2
"The "great zero carbon" conspiracy. ) All Global Research articles can be read in 27 languages by activating the Translate Website drop down menu on the top banner of our home page (Desktop version).(Article by F. William Engdahl republished from The globalist Davos World Economic Forum is proclaiming the necessity of reaching a worldwide goal of net zero carbon by 2050."	5_2
G20 Meets in Rome Ahead of COP26, Discusses Climate Change and Vaccines. from Breitbart: ROME (AP) The leaders of the worlds economic powerhouses on Saturday took part in the first in-person summit since the coronavirus pandemic, with climate change, COVID-19 economic recovery and the global minimum corporate tax rate on the agenda.Italian Premier Mario Draghi welcomed the Group of 20 heads of state to Romes	0_0
Another Biden Lie: Global Warming is Causing Indonesia to Sink (Video). John Kerry made similar ridiculous statements in Jakarta, Indonesia about the urgent threat of man-made global warming causing Indonesia to back in 2014.He declared that the same urgent threat was being discussed in 1992 by the late Maurice Strong.	5_2
Economy first: China's economic planners limit initial scope of national carbon emission trading system. ) Officials at Chinas National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) the countrys main economic planning agency have limited the initial scope of a national carbon emission trading system that will be launched by the end of June.The basic structure and relevant regulations of the carbon emission trading system have been completed.	0_0
2021 Nobel Prize winner Professor Klaus Hasselmann explains why politicians have failed on climate crisis so far (E1060). On this episode of Going Underground , we speak to the 2021 Nobel Prize winner, Professor Klaus Hasselmann.	0_0
Why Australia Could (And Should) Become A Major Nuclear Power Producer. Australia is a country nearly the size of the continental US with a population of about 26 million people.It is a country with vast open spaces.Most of its population is found on its east coast in New South Wales and Queensland, some population centers in Western Australia, South Australia, the Northern Territories and on the island of Tasmania.	4_5
Texas 'deep freeze': Urgent climate warning - but not how you think. In the unfolding extreme winter tragedy in Texas as well as many other regions of the United States not prepared for severe winter weather, a notable point is that much of the vast windmill batteries across the state, supposed to generate 25% of the state electric power grid, have frozen and are largely useless.	4_4
"The Great Zero Carbon Criminal Conspiracy. The globalist Davos World Economic Forum is proclaiming the necessity of reaching a worldwide goal of "net zero carbon" by 2050.This for most sounds far in the future and hence largely ignored."	5_2
Japan Stocking Fossil Fuels for Winter (part of global pattern). On-the-ground weather forecasts contradict the narrative that winters will be milder.False climate forecasts can lead to chaos due to unpreparedness. Right in the midst of a global political effort to reduce fossil fuel consumption, Japan is set to increase its fossil fuel use and imports as an expected colder-than-normal winter approaches.	4_5
Federal Reserve Chief Jerome Powell: Climate Change Threatens Global Economy. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Friday climate change is a threat to the global economy and called for the United States to lead a coordinated response to that threat.	0_0
"Playing God: US government funds geoengineering, a controversial and deadly "backup plan" to alter Earth's atmosphere in the name of "climate science". ) As climate change alarmists continue to insist that we need to cool the planets temperatures in order to save it, one approach that is being touted is geoengineering."	5_2
President Ader: Hungary should increase green areas. President Janos Ader has said Hungary should increase green areas that absorb greenhouse gases, mainly by planting trees along roads, motorways and railways.The president said Hungary has about 40,000 hectares of free space for new trees, which could absorb about 400,000 tons of greenhouse gases a year.	0_0
ESG Could Get Major Lift From Climate Conference. The 26th U.N.Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) will be held October 31stNovember 12th in Scotland, and as more reports are released regarding the effects of global warming, growing ESG concerns could help to push commitments further, reports Before Its News is a community of.The 26th U.N.	0_0
Delingpole: Fake News Walrus Tragedy Porn Helped Boost the Great Reset. Fake news propaganda of dying walruses allegedly 'killed by climate change' reduced the Davos elite to tears.	5_2
Nuclear Climate Change: Washington Heats Things Up. We have been moved yet another step closer to planetary destruction, Brian Cloughley writes.	0_0
Juan Carlos Boue Investment treaties undermine the protection of climate and environment including new generation treaties. Arbitration lawyer Juan Carlos Boue presents the case of Columbia, which has included an environmental exception in their treaty with Canada.Still they were sentenced by a tribunal to pay damages to a Canadian mining company for a ruling of their highest court, which imposed mining restrictions in protected areas.	0_0
Be Afraid: U.N. Warns Post-Coronavirus World Could Feature Massive Heatwaves Capable of Killing Millions. Be afraid.Once the coronavirus pandemic is done and dealt with, a United Nations report warned Wednesday searing, unrelenting heat could lay waste to large swathes of the planet, killing millions who have no means to escape a massive climate change event.	5_2
Germanys flood disaster exposes folly of misbalanced Net Zero policies The Global Warming Policy Forum. A meandering jet stream can lead to unusual weather conditions.Blaming climate change (pick your own definition) is so vague as to be meaningless, but may serve to divert the spotlight away from political leaders.	4_2
"Exposing the "zero-carbon" fraud. ) The idea of zero carbon is being widely touted as the solution to our planets problems, but it is important to take a look at who is saying this and what they have to gain.The first clue that something is amiss with this narrative is the fact that carbon is necessary for life on our planet rather than being the enemy so many claim."	3_3
As higher concentrations of CO2 enter the atmosphere, plants have more material to photosynthesize. If you isolate a single plant in a laboratory, then adding CO2 makes Earth greener for now.	3_3
Bill Gates Accused of Hypocrisy For Preaching About Climate Change, While Buying Private Jet Firm. The co-founder of Microsoft is famous for his philanthropic work in different spheres.However, in recent decades the business magnate has focused on global warming, which Gates considers one of the most acute problems humanity is facing.He's spearheaded several initiatives on research and development of clean energy.	5_2
The Science of Climate Change | Dr. Patrick Moore and Stefan Molyneux. Subscribe (1436) Donate Why has there been an emphasis on the last hundred years when people speak about climate change?What are the untold benefits of increased CO2 levels?Is it true that there is a near scientific consensus on Climate Change?	5_1
Bidens America: Terror, High Gas Prices, Border Swarms.... That didnt take long.How long has His Fraudulency been in office?About eight seconds?	0_0
Biden hikes cost of carbon, easing path for new climate rules. The social cost of carbon could have ripple effects throughout industry.President Joe Biden on Friday restored an Obama-era calculation on the economic cost of greenhouse gases, a step that will make it easier for his agencies to approve aggressive actions to confront climate change.	4_1
The Net-Zero Narrative Is Riddled With Holes. it as destabilizing. Russia said the IEAs plan could push oil to $200 per barrel.Even the IEA itself said the targets in the roadmap were going to be challenging.And yet, the people who will foot the bill for the energy transition are being told nothing about challenges.	4_2
Drought of the century in the Middle Ages: parallels to climate change today? Climate alarmists would love to get rid of the Medieval Warm Period (to quote a certain email ), but it refuses to go away.	2_1
"How Science Becomes Religion. The popular slogan today is "Believe in science."Its often used as a weapon against people who reject not science in principle but rather one or another prominent scientific proposition, whether it be about the COVID-19 vaccine, climate change, nutrition (low-fat versus low-carb eating), to mention a few."	5_1
Klaus Schwabs Marx: A Sorcerer With the Powers of the Netherworld. Combining Marxian ideas of historical materialism and technological determinism with fascist-futurist ideas of technocracy and bureaucratic managerial scientism, the World Economic Forum pursues a path of inclusivity for the managerial class elite.	0_0
An Emboldened, Super-Funded IRS to Target Bank Depositors. By Stefan Gleason Insidious plans are afoot in Washington to give IRS officials another $80 billion for auditors and then unleash them on bank account holders.New, heavy-handed IRS and Federal Reserve controls along with other threats to financial privacy highlight the importance of holding wealth outside the banking system.	0_0
Heres Why the New Climate Agenda Could Lead to an Energy Crisis of Epic Proportions. Were going to eliminate your food now so that you can eat something else in the future that we have not yet got available.What could possibly go wrong?But that is what is effectively happening in the energy market.	4_1
Global elites flying private jets to COP26 climate conference emit more CO2 than hundreds of citizens would in a year UK media. The bigwigs heading to Scotland for the COP26 climate summit where they ostensibly aim to help save the planet from greenhouse gases will generate outsized emissions themselves by employing private jets for the trip.	5_2
Mathew D. Rose The Coming Climate Crisis Uprising. As the lies of corporations and the European political class regarding climate change become ever more massive, so will the reaction of concerned citizens, especially European youths.Mathew D. Rose is an Investigative Journalist specialised in Organised Political Crime in Germany and an editor of BRAVE NEW EUROPE.	0_0
More intense and frequent thunderstorms linked to global climate variability. Large thunderstorms in the Southern Great Plains of the U.S. are some of the strongest on Earth.In recent years, these storms have increased in frequency and intensity, and new research shows that these shifts are linked to climate variability.	2_1
Same liberals that said herbicides can't make you gay now claim pollution can shrink your penis. ) One of fake president Joe Bidens donors is back in the news cycle for hounding her theory that industrial pollution is causing mens genitalia to shrivel.	5_1
Rapid & significant land subsidence in Cartagena, Colombia, revealed by satellite data. A rapid rate of land subsidence could make sea level rise estimates worse for one of Colombia's tourist destinations.This could serve as a warning sign to other coastal cities.	5_2
'Who Is Your Puppet Master?': Twitter Users Mock Biden For Relying on Cheat-List of Vetted Reporters. Joe Biden, who is frequently criticised for limited media access and being overly scripted, yet again appeared to rely on a cheat sheet of pre-approved' reporters at his Sunday press conference on the heels of the G20 summit in Rome.	0_0
Memorial Day Weekend Brings Record Cold to Eastern U.S. Cities. The weather for Memorial Day weekend included record cold temperatures for eastern U.S. states, according to weather reports.The unofficial start to summer weekend usually sees temperatures in the 70s in this region but this year cold weather and rain were on tap in New York, Connecticut, New Jersey, Rhode Island and Massachusetts.	1_3
How can climate alarmists explain away ancient megadroughts? They cant. , a 2015 study published in the journal Nature Climate Change compared 117 computer model projections during the 1990s with the amount of warming that actually occurred.Of the 117 projections, only three were roughly accurate.On average, the computer models predicted twice as much warming as that which actually occurred.	5_1
Exclusive Caught on Tape: Democrat Lawmaker Admits Biden Infrastructure Plan Is Really About Climate Change. Rep. Tom Malinowski (D-NJ) admitted during a recent town hall that President Joe Bidens infrastructure plan focuses more on climate change than the built environment, despite his calling for bipartisan support for the partisan legislation.	5_2
Saudi Arabia Sets Course for Net-Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions by 2060. Saudi Arabia is looking to reach net zero greenhouse gas emissions by the year 2060, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has announced.The prince went on to lay out the countrys other green objectives, including an initiative to reduce carbon emissions by 278 million tonnes annually by 2030.	0_0
Andrew Dessler: Going Downstream with Climate Alarmism (economics, public policy ahead). I realize lots of people dont like government regulation, but the alternative is an out-of-control climate. (A. Dessler: Andrew Dessler, the and Michael Mann ally , is shifting from (highly uncertain) physical climate science to climate economics and policy analysis.	5_2
"John Kerry says private jets 'only choice' for people like him, as he accepts award in Iceland for 'combatting climate change'. Kerry received the iceberg-shaped award in 2019 for being "a consistent voice pressuring the American authorities to commit to tackle environmental matters."An Icelandic reporter, Johann Bjarni Kolbeinsson, also questioned Kerry for his choice of transportation at the time."	5_2
DR. VERNON COLEMAN,MD:MORE EVIDENCE 'THEY' WANT YOU DEAD(OCT.12,2021). International best-selling author and retired medical doctor Dr Vernon Coleman explains how the Government and the medical establishment conspired to kill millions through a systematic programme of genocide - and how they're planning to make health care even worse, using the myth of global warming as an excuse.	5_2
Georgia Guidestones: Let's Talk About Depopulation Theories: Population Reduction, Event 201, 5G & Graphene. Tonight, we are going to discuss depopulation theories.Now, these theories have been around for a while but unfortunately, they are beginning to not seem so far-fetched.These theories will include a review of politicians & other public figures favorite talking point population reduction.	0_0
Exclusive GOP Senate Candidate Josh Mandel: We Must Unearth Energy Jobs Buried by Democrats Underneath Ohio. Oil and gas in Ohio must be developed to create jobs for Ohioan families, Josh Mandel, Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate seat from Ohio and author of told SiriusXMs Breitbart News Sunday with host Joel Pollak.Mandel noted the Democrat Partys opposition to fossil fuel exploitation, ostensibly due to climate change fears.	4_1
Major Atlantic ocean current system might be approaching critical threshold. The major Atlantic ocean current, to which also the Gulf stream belongs, may have been losing stability in the course of the last century.This is shown in a new study published in Nature Climate Change.	0_0
Climate Change: Why we cant trust mainstream media. Cross-posted from Climate and Capitalism , an online journal focusing on capitalism, climate change, and the ecosocialist alternative.A Q&A on capitalism, media, and climate: Print and share!Before Its News is a community of individuals who report on whats going on around them, from all around the world.	5_2
Dangerous Sea-level Rise? Study Shows Net Expansion of Pacific/Indian Ocean Islands. EXTREME-PHOTOGRAPHER/iStock/Getty Images Plus Maldives.Despite constant fearmongering about dangerous sea-level rise due to anthropogenic global warming, more actual evidence is emerging that the vast majority of islands in the Pacific and Indian Oceans are either stable in size or growing.	1_6
"The United Nations & the Origins of "The Great Reset". Freedom faces a new enemy.The tyranny comes under the disguise of expert rule and benevolent dictatorship.The new rulers do not justify their right to dominance because of divine providence but now claim the right to rule the people in the name of universal health and safety based on presumed scientific evidence."	5_2
Climate Alarmism Reconsidered (2004 insight for Bidens climate day). The balance of evidence points towards a benign temperature greenhouse signal.A greenhouse signal has not been identified with weather extremes or surprises. Enhanced atmospheric carbon dioxide (CO2) concentrations create tangible benefits to offset any costs associated with anthropogenic climate change.	2_3
Fake Science: COVID and Global Warming. The scientists guiding our COVID response have been exposed as driven by politics, not science.Dr. Fauci says that attacks on him are attacks on science.We are supposed to believe that persons that cloak themselves with science are infallible and honest.	5_2
CLINTEL/Schiller Institute: A Wake-Up Call: The Danger for Mankind Is Not the Climate, but Toleration of a Devious Policy that Uses Climate To Destroy Us! Oct. 10This statement was jointly issued today by Helga Zepp-LaRouche, founder of the Schiller Institute, and Guus Berkhout, emeritus professor of geophysics and co-founder of CLINTEL (Climate Intelligence).	5_2
Climate Change Is Not Driving Western Wildfires, Government Mismanagement Is To Blame. This has resulted in overcrowded forests and the easier spread of insect infestations, such as bark beetles, which have killed an untold number of trees.Many federal forests now contain more dead and dying timber than living trees.	1_7
This is What Climate Change Looks Like. Subscribe (1) Donate Year after year they proclaim the climate is changing; it's a disaster; it's a crisis.I live in a temperate zone.I don't see that anything has changed.	1_4
Marc Morano: COVID-19 Lockdowns Set Precedent for Climate Change Lockdown. by Robert Kraychik, Breitbart: Marc Morano, founder of Climate Depot and author of the forthcoming Green Fraud: Why the Green New Deal Is Even Worse than You Think, warned climate change would be used as a pretext for lockdowns as is being done with coronavirus.They want to use the COVID lockdown as the model for climate lockdowns, said	5_2
"World Bank Chief Says Held 'Informative' Talks With Overchuck on Energy, Climate, Debt. "This afternoon, I was pleased to welcome Russian DPM Alexei Overchuk to the World Bank," Malpass said in a tweet on Thursday."We held informative talks on several issues, including IDA20, comprehensive approaches to debt and debt transparency, energy sector reforms &amp; climate change."	0_0
Meanwhile, new crops like carrots, cauliflower, cabbage, strawberries, apples, and broccoli can now be grown as the frozen tundra retreats northwards due to an increasingly early Arctic spring, making for more areas suitable for agriculture.	3_2
"Dangerous Nonsense" Or "Win-Win" - What To Expect From The COP26 Gabfest. From Sunday the Good, the Bad, the Ugly and Politicians meet in Glasgow for the 26th United Nations Conference of Parties on Climate Change.It might just be the most important gab-fest of global leaders in the whole of human history so I am told.So far, the biggest winners are Scottish Railway workers."	4_2
UNPACKING PROPAGANDA: WHAT IS IT? WHAT CAN YOU DO ABOUT IT? America is awash with harmful and dangerous propaganda, but few people understand what it is, how it works and what can be done to overcome it.This article examines the nature, structure and intent of propaganda so readers can increase awareness and discernment.Propaganda Defined.	0_0
Netflix Teams with U.N. to Produce Woke Global Warming Propaganda. Streaming giant Netflix has teamed with the United Nations COP26 international climate conference to produce shows to push sustainability and other global warming dogmas.	5_2
BBC removes Bitesize page on climate change benefits after backlash. Hilarious.The BBC has removed an educational page laying out the benefits of climate change after a furious online reaction, BBC Bitesize, its website for schoolchildren, claimed warmer temperatures could lead to healthier outdoor lifestyles and that a benefit of climate change could mean easier access to oil in Alaska and Siberia.	3_2
The Glasgow summit, climate change, and the case for socialism. The past two years have seen a series of escalating climate disasters in all regions of the globe, including massive wildfires from the Australian bush to the American west, devastating flooding in Europe, Asia and the Americas, and deadly heatwaves the world over.	0_0
Any analogy will do for the proles. Boris Johnson invokes fall of the Roman Empire as he warns world faces uphill battle in climate fight.The PM warns that failing to act on climate change could consign future generations to shortages of food, conflict and mass migrations, all caused by global warming.	0_0
Is Catastrophic Anthropogenic Global Warming Really, Really the Cause of the Great Pacific Northwest Heat Wave? Oh, I guess I misspoke, as the latest iteration of CAGW is climate change since the previous labels used by climate alarmists didnt seem to have panned out for the climate alarmists in the publics consciousness.	5_2
"Federal Judge Deals Major Setback to Biden's "Green" Agenda, Orders Resumption in Federal Drilling Auctions. By TFPP Wire.A federal judge in Louisiana on Tuesday blocked the Biden administrations pause on oil and gas leasing on public lands and waters, dealing a setback to a key White House effort to address climate change."	0_0
Hypocrite Bill Gates Preaches About Climate Change While Buying Private Jet Firm. Bill Gates has been accused of hypocrisy after it became known that a man, who has repeatedly spoken about the need to stop climate change is attempting to buy a private jet firm.Gates company Cascade Investment is bidding to acquire jet servicing company Signature Aviation.Cascade already owns a 19 percent stake in the company.	5_2
In the last 10-15 years, we see no true signs of any rise and, especially, no signs of any accelerating rise (as claimed by the IPCC), only a variability around zero.	1_4
Establishment Now Advocating Lockdowns Not to Save You From Covid, But From Climate Change. Given what we know about the covid lockdowns, the effects of such a system would likely have devastating consequences for every country and send shockwaves throughout every socioeconomic arena.So why on Earth would politicians and media be chomping at the bit to get on board?	5_2
David Shirreff. Campaigners described the newly announced sponsorship deal as greenwash, plain and simple says DeSmog, a website devoted to decluttering the debate on climate change.Read here A perverse effect of conventional quantitative easing (QE) has been soaring asset prices, particularly property.	0_0
UK urged to save Cop26 UN climate change summit in Glasgow. The greenblob is right to think COP-speak is a big turn-off for the public, but thats about all they get right.Trying to manipulate the Earths climate by demonising the minor trace gas carbon dioxide is a vastly expense exercise in futility.	2_3
Tonight: California Recall Election Will Newsom Survive? Elder eyes Ultimate upset Victory. Biden, Newsom Continue Democrat Tradition of Blaming Climate Change for Wildfires President Joe Biden joined Gov.Gavin Newsom (D) on Monday to discuss damage from recent wildfires in Northern California, and continued a time-honored tradition of blaming climate change for the fires, without scientific evidence.	5_1
Fact Check: Biden Touts Jobs Jobs Fighting Climate Change After Killing Countless Jobs CLAIM: President Joe Biden said during his address to a joint session of Congress on Wednesday that fighting climate change will create jobs.	0_0
The Great Reset Is Here: Follow the Money. Insane Lockdown of the Global Economy, The Green Agenda Global Research. By F. William Engdahl The top-down reorganization of the world economy by a cabal of technocratic corporativists, led by the group around the Davos World Economic Forum the so-called Great Reset or UN Agenda 2030 is no future proposal.It is well into actualization as the world remains in insane lockdown for a virus.	5_2
The Far-Left Climate Change Fascists At Time Magazine Now Say Your Home Air Conditioning Systems Must Be Sacrificed In Order To Save The Planet. The troubled history of air-conditioning suggests not that we chuck it entirely but that we focus on public cooling, on public comfort, rather than individual cooling, on individual comfort.How far will the Climate Change fascists go?All the way.	5_2
"Capitol Hill "coup" antagonist is radical climate change activist. (Natural News) Jake Angeli recently charged with violent entry and disorderly conduct on Capitol grounds by the Department of Justice has previously participated in climate change protests despite the mainstream media depicting him as a fervent Trump supporter. )"	5_2
European Metals reports upgraded resource estimate for Cinovec lithium-tin deposit. European Metals Holdings Ltd announced an upgraded resource estimate for the Cinovec lithium-tin deposit in the Czech Republic following the completion of a drilling campaign at Cinovec South.Total resources increased by 12.3 million tonnes (Mt) to 708.2Mt at 0.43% lithium oxide, said the AIM-listed company which owns 49% of the project.	0_0
Far-Left Jamaal Bowman Will Introduce $1.43 Trillion Green New Deal for Public Schools. The so-called squad member Rep. Jamaal Bowman (D-NY) is set to introduce a Green New Deal for Public Schools in the House on Friday, which would cost $1.43 trillion over ten years.The far-left Democrats proposal would spend $446 billion on Climate Capital Facilities Grants toward retrofitting the nations public school buildings.	0_0
'Climate change is happening': As wildfires destroy hectares of Siberian forest, local politician points finger at global warming. The wildfires in Russia's Yakutia region are caused by climate change, which has led to abnormally hot weather and 'dry thunderstorms.'That's according to Aysen Nikolayev, the head of the vast republic located in eastern Siberia.	0_0
"Texas Republicans cited "global warming" as the reason why they decided not to winterize the power grid. ) The latest excuse out of Texas as to why much of the states power grid failed during the recent cold weather event is that Republican lawmakers were counting on global warming to keep the energy production systems from freezing."	1_3
"Narco-terror bank HSBC: Pushing "decarbonization" while financing China's coal expansion. ) Noel Quinn, CEO of banking behemoth HSBC, is one of the latest corporate titans to flog the climate emergency narrative and promote the World Economic Forums global plan for the Great Reset, a total transformation of our entire planetary society."	5_2
Climate policy affecting energy crunch? & Trump to launch social media platform. Amid the global surge in energy prices, some are pointing the finger at policies aimed at addressing climate change.Tobin Smith of Transformity Research offers his take on the power crunch and how the world can rebound.	4_1
Exclusive Marc Morano: 'Lockdowns' Are 'Essentially a Model' for Green New Deal's 'Planned Recession'. Morano noted, Every major environmental figure climate activist has praised the COVID lockdowns as essentially a model for what we should be doing with climate, so that gives you an idea of where they want to go with the Green New Deal. Its an endless parade of human-punishing regulations, he added.	5_2
Report: Government spent $17 trillion on pandemic recovery programs that HARM the environment. ) A new report revealed that trillions of dollars allocated to recovery programs following the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic harmed the environment.It pointed out that only about a tenth of the $17 trillion in COVID-19 government bailouts was spent on activities that had a positive effect on the environment.	4_1
CO2 Coalition: Time for Support (Heartland Institute too). by Gregory Wrightstone in December 2020 is reproduced below given the importance of the CO2 Coalition in the climate debate, as well as its central participation in the Heartland Institutes 14th International Conference on Climate Change .The Great Reset: Climate Realism vs.Climate Socialism begins tomorrow in Las Vegas.	5_2
Keystone XL pipeline permit cancellation causes massive job loss. ) Wuhan coronavirus vaccines are not the only thing causing adverse effects these days.It seems that some of the first moves by President Joe Biden are causing them as well.Among them, Bidens decision to cancel the permit for the Keystone XL pipeline has led to the loss of a lot of jobs .	4_1
Government Now Greatest Threat to U.S., Warns Pastor MacArthur. Pastor John MacArthur of Grace Community Church /YouTube.Despite claims by Joe Biden that alleged man-made global warming and supposed systemic racism are the greatest threats to America, one of Americas best-known evangelical pastors says neither of those even exist.	5_2
Age of Economics Barry C. Lynn: Why does economics matter? 2.What are the differences between economic science (academic economics) and economic engineering (policymaking)?I wouldnt use necessarily either those terms.	0_0
UN Agenda 2o3o 'Raptor' Reptile Serpent Beast 'Preaches' Climate Change to the Obedient Extinction,, The 'Don't Choose Extinction' campaign features a collective intelligence platform, the Global Mindpool, to help tackle the most important issues of our time.	5_2
Why The Swiss Electorate Put The Brakes On Climate Policy. No Inconsistency in Voting Behavior.Both legislative revisions are to be viewed as interconnected partial steps in the former energy minister Doris Leuthard's Energiewende (energy transition project).First yes, then no - and that looks quite inconsistent.	0_0
Report: John Kerrys Family Jet Flown 16 Times This Year amid Climate Crisis. Climate czar John Kerrys family jet has flown 16 times this year alone amid what Kerry alleges to be a climate crisis. The climate crisis is the test of our own times and, while it may be unfolding in slow motion to some, this test is as acute and as existential as any previous one.Time is running out, Kerry in July.	5_2
"Let's Review 50 Years Of Dire Climate Forecasts And What Actually Happened. 1967 Salt Lake Tribune: Dire Famine Forecast by 1975, Already Too Late; 1969 NYT: " Unless we are extremely lucky, everyone will disappear in a cloud of blue steam in 20 years.The situation will get worse unless we change our behavior."	5_1
Harris Blames Migration on Climate Change, Poor Governance. Guatemalan President Blames Biden. AP Images.Vice President Kamala Harris claims the current crisis on the U.S.-Mexico border is largely the result of climate change and the economy.The president of Guatemala, Alejandro Giammattei, says its the Biden administrations immigration policy.	0_0
World's Worst Polluter China: 'Right to Emit' Is a 'Basic Human Right'. Chinese state media revived a quote by a Chinese Communist Party official on Sunday equating pollution with the basic human right of development, arguing that urging China to remedy its status as the worlds worst greenhouse gas emitter was a violation of the rights of Chinese citizens.	4_1
Jam-packed week ahead with Sunak's Budget, Cop26 summit, and results from Apple, Microsoft, Lloyds, Shell and many more. The coming week is jam-packed with company updates in what is the busiest part of results season in Europe and the US, while Rishi Sunaks Budget, several central bank decisions and the Cop26.	0_0
Columnists commonly argued that there is a conspiracy to make the public think that the climate is changing, and that Arctic ice isnt melting, among others.	1_1
Video: Biden Suggests Global Warming Could Have Caused Condo To Collapse. Joe Biden suggested Thursday that it was rational speculation to suggest that global warming may have been the cause of the condo to collapse in Miami.	0_0
"UK: 'Its one minute to midnight on that doomsday clock' - PM Johnson at COP26. UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson gave a speech outlining just how precarious the current climate change situation is at COP26 in Glasgow on Monday."While a red digital clock ticks down remorselessly to a detonation that will end human life as we know it."	0_0
Pascoe Sabido London Climate Action Week Risks Selling a Sham Net Zero Vision. If you do not know what Net Zero is and why it is a sham, then read this.Pascoe Sabido is a researcher and campaigner at the non-profit Corporate Europe Observatory.Cross-posted from DeSmog UK This years London Climate Action Week marks a key moment in the run-up to Novembers COP26 in Glasgow.	5_2
2020 was just a test run lockdown ready for the climate lockdown thats coming next. You think that one-month lockdown was bad in Spring 2020? tweeted University of Colorado Boulder professor Roger Pilke Jr. Imagine 20 X, non-stop for the next 50 years.. Unfortunately, such suicidal attitudes are not confined to liberal Big tech tycoons or ivory tower academics; they are shared by many people in government positions.	5_2
COP26 Climate Summit in Glasgow Enters Its Second Day. Sputnik goes live from Glasgow where the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties 9COP26) has entered its second day.The representatives of 200 nations have arrived in Glasgow to take part in the event.	0_0
COP26 Conference in Glasgow takes place amid escalating class conflict. The United Nations COP26 conference, opening in Glasgow on Sunday for two weeks, was to take place amid planned strikes of thousands of key workers both in the city and around Scotland.This did not happen thanks to the utterly rotten character of the trade unions.As with other such global events, widespread protests are expected.	0_0
Natures Own Fuel Could Save Us From the Greenhouse Effect and Electric Grid Failure. Source: ellen brown Hemp fuel and other biofuels could reduce carbon emissions while saving the electric grid, but theyre often overlooked for more expensive, high-tech climate solutions.	0_0
"Inslee on Biden Climate Moves Costing Jobs: 'Do Not Want to Shackle' Kids to 'Dead Weight' of Jobs That Won't Exist in Future. On Wednesday's broadcast of CNN's "Cuomo Primetime," Washington Gov.Jay Inslee (D) praised President Joe Biden's climate actions and addressed criticisms | Clips."	4_1
Biden Wrong On Fires And Ida. Climate headline chasing every time some bad weather arrives is not a good look, and has nothing to do with science.By Craig Rucker ~ Hurricane Ida brought powerful wind and rain to Louisiana and drenched the Northeast.Devastating fires have consumed California forests and burned people out of their homes.	1_7
Unpacking Propaganda: What Is It? What Can You Do About It? By Patrick Wood America is awash with harmful and dangerous propaganda, but few people understand what it is, how it works and what can be done to overcome it.This article examines the nature, structure and intent of propaganda so readers can increase awareness and discernment.Propaganda Defined.	0_0
"Reality Check: Professor Pens Letter Explaining Natural Resource Drain Crated By "Net Zero Emission" Targets. While the idea of implementing net zero emissions by certain deadlines has sounded great for the companies, countries and states that have set targets, the reality of making it happen is slightly more difficult."	4_1
Biden, White House continue to ignore Americans. Now, nearly 10 months into the Biden regimes tyrannical rule, anything but better has been experienced.Gas prices are double and triple in some parts of the country than they were 10 months ago.Shelves are empty across the country as Americans start to approach the holiday gift season.	0_0
Unsettled: What Climate Science Tells Us, What It Doesn't, And Why It Matters. At one point, Koonin read an extract from the IPCCs Fifth Assessment Report released the previous year.	5_1
Scientism, nicht Leftism, liegt jeder Big-Tech-Zensur zugrunde. .There is a very dark religion at the base of both Technocracy and Transhumanism.That is Scientism .	0_0
How Energy Transition Models Go Wrong. The reason why the overall cost of the system is important is because countries with high-cost energy systems will have a difficult time competing in a world market since energy costs are an important part of the cost of producing goods and services.	5_1
Is Decarbonization Threatening Europe's Energy Security? The energy crisis that is unfolding across the globe could set the world back in terms of carbon emissions as coal and gas demand skyrockets.China will burn and import more coal this year than it did last year, seriously imperiling the nations own emissions pledges as well as the worlds chances of avoiding the worst impacts of climate change.	4_1
Chinas Stunning Green Energy Collapse Should Come As No Surprise. The 2019 feature length film exposes the Democratic Partys push for subsidized wind and solar energy for what it is: a brazen environmental hoax that causes eye-popping harm to the environment, while funneling billions of taxpayer dollars to Al Gore and other inside investors in government-backed green energy projects.	5_2
Green Enforcer: MI6 Spying on Nations to Ensure They Abide by Climate Change Pledges, Chief Admits. Foreign intelligence service MI6 will spy on other nations to check whether they are abiding by their climate change pledges, one of Britains top spy chiefs has said.	5_2
"Mark Carney's "Values" Greenwashes the Public on Climate Science and Energy Literacy - New Robert Lyman Report says "Pick Your Poison" on Climate Policy. Mark Carney's new book "Values" is riddled with inaccurate climate dogma; his call for climate risk reporting and energy solutions do not stand up to scrutiny says Friends of Science Society."	5_1
Bill Mitchell: In the battle between government and the hedge fund gamblers the government has all the cards. Norways centre-left opposition parties are on course to win a majority in parliament after Mondays election and will now negotiate how to form a coalition, with climate change and a widening wealth gap expected to It is an odd world.Outside of Germany there is a consensus that the Eurozone is dysfunctional.	0_0
Oeko-Institut Making the EU heat sector carbon-free. Stopping climate change is not rocket science scientist have already provided simple roadmaps.The corporate world and the political class in their service simply ignore this The Oe ko-Institut Institute for Applied Ecology ) is a non-profit, private-sector environmental research institute in Germany.	0_0
Is Greta Thunberg a political pawn? Thunberg accidentally tweets her social media content is curated by handlers. ) Swedish environmental activist Greta Thunberg accidentally tweeted a snapshot showing that her handlers have been curating her social media content .The snapshot contained suggested tweets that she could repost, along with actions she could take to generate more buzz, Breaking911 reported on Thursday.	5_2
Odd Lots Steve Keen Says Economists Get Everything Wrong (Especially About Climate Change) Mainstream economics has come under attack lately.People have begun questioning its understanding of things like inflation, monetary policy, deficits, and how best to get out of a downturn.	0_0
David Bellamy: The Honest Man Who Told The Truth About The Climate Change Hoax - David Icke. Dr David Bellamy: Experienced Climatologist lost his career simply for telling the truth.Global warming is part of a natural cycle and theres nothing we can actually do to stop these cycles.	2_1
Pope Meets Nancy Pelosi To Discuss Climate Legislation. A Sunday Law Is Near. Executive Judgment. Pope Francis receives Speaker Nancy Pelosi in private audience Pope Francis received Nancy Pelosi, the speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives, in a private audience in the Vaticans apostolic palace on the morning of Oct. 9.	0_0
"Trump dismisses climate change, calls on Biden to fire joint chiefs. "And this is not a joke: You know what the Joint Chiefs told us the greatest threat facing America was?Global warming."	5_2
UK Govt Climate Cheerleader Doesnt Fancy Slow-Charging Electric Cars. The public face of the British governments Cop26 UN climate change conference has said she wont get an electric car yet because they take too long to charge, so shell stick to her old diesel car, instead.	4_4
Planting Trees Isnt Enough to Curb Emissions. More companies are working to curb their greenhouse gas emissions as focus by the general public, investors, regulators, and governments increasingly turns to emissions reductions to mitigate global warming.	4_2
BREAKING: Scientist Warns Climate Lockdowns to Follow Coronavirus Lockdowns (Exclusive Interview). They want to have truly a complete societal shutdown almost indefinitely. Executive Director of the International Climate Science Coalition (ICSC), Tom Harris.	5_2
Robin McAlpine Carbon Capture and Storage. Carbon Capture and Storage (CCS) is another one of those simple technical fixes that is supposed to stop climate change, but does not work Robin McAlpine is the director of the Scottish think and do tank Common Weal.	0_0
Global Warming Activist Matt Damon Flies Private Jet to Film Marvel Movie 'Thor: Love and Thunder'. Hollywood star and climate change activist Matt Damon reportedly took a private jet to film parts of the Marvel movie Thor: Love and Thunder in Australia, flying from Byron Bay in the northern part of New South Wales to Sydney on Sunday.	5_2
"Global Minimum Tax Will Help Govts in Raising Revenues for Social Welfare, Indian Prof Says. Leaders of the worlds 20 biggest economies, formally known as G-20, have endorsed a global minimum tax of 15% on multinational companies to avoid incurring revenues losses.US President Joe Biden termed it as more than tax deal and said "its diplomacy reshaping our global economy and delivering for our people."	0_0
Poll: Majority Disagree with Bidens Belief that Global Warming Greatest Threat. A majority of American voters disagree with President Joe Bidens statement that global warming is the greatest threat to America, a Rasmussen Reports survey released Monday found.	5_2
California Begs for More Electricity as Shift To Renewable Power Leaves State in the Dark. State energy officials asked the California Independent System Operator, which runs most of the grid, to contract for additional power capacity for July and August on concern it wont be able to meet demand during the evening when solar production fades, according to a joint statement Thursday from grid, utility and energy agencies.	4_4
Exclusive Democrat Pramila Jayapal Holds Infrastructure Hostage Unless It Has Bold Climate Action. Congressional Progressive Caucus co-chair Rep. Pramila Jayapal (D-WA) said during a virtual town hall June 30 that she will continue to hold the infrastructure hostage unless it were to include bold climate change action.	0_0
'Largely inaccurate tripe': Al Gore's 'An Inconvenient Truth', fifteen years on. Al Gore's climate change movie was hailed as revolutionary a decade and a half ago when it was released to much fanfare but, in the intervening years, the truths have, inconveniently, turned out to not be truths at all.	5_2
USA: Climate activists implore CITI bank to take action with climate change in NYC. Protesters marched to CITI bank HQ in New York City with signs and banners criticising the bank on Friday.Demonstrators called out the bank's hypocrisy, by quoting parts of the bank's website which promises action on climate change whilst the bank still profits greatly of fossil fuel investments.	0_0
Feeling Sleepy Again? Biden Struggles to Keep Eyes Open at Climate Summit in Glasgow Video. Day two of the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) in Glasgow is underway and world leaders are listening to delegates speak on a number of issues.However, judging by the reaction of US President Joe Biden, these speeches appear to be a little boring.	5_2
Updated Climate Scientists Write To UN: There Is No Climate Emergency. Professor Guus Berkhout The Hague guus.berkhout@clintel.org.23 September 2019.Sr. Antonio Guterres, Secretary-General, United Nations, United Nations Headquarters, New York, NY 10017, United States of America.	5_1
Science professors MIT lecture cancelled over views on affirmative action. A guest lecture by Dorian S. Abbot, an associate professor of geophysics at the University of Chicago, was cancelled by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) on September 30 after a group of faculty and students accused the professor of causing harm by opposing aspects of affirmative action and diversity programs.	0_0
While some have pointed to longer growing seasons and a wider range of crops becoming viable in northern Europe as benefits from temperature rises, the effects on rainfall and extreme conditions mean farming is already suffering.	3_2
Biden Pledges to Drastically Reduce Greenhouse-gas Emissions, China and India silent. NicoElNino/iStock/Getty Images Plus.President Joe Biden pledged to cut U.S. greenhouse-gas emissions in half by 2030 at a virtual climate summit Thursday, outlining an aggressive agenda that would require sweeping changes to Americas energy and transportation sectors.	4_1
CNN, Biden Official Spark Outrage After Saying Climate Change Could Have Caused Condo Collapse. These people are evil and nuts.And they hold the major levers of power.Be afraid, America, very afraid.	5_2
Biden's policies unfairly favor the communist Chinese regime despite his seemingly tough stance. ) President Joe Bidens policies toward global warming, unfortunately, skew in favor of China .The presidents policy team is of the belief that cooperating with the Chinese regime is a necessity to fight global warming.Even more contradictory is the fact that Biden is taking a seemingly tough stance against Chinas human rights violations.	4_1
COVID-19 Is the New Global Warming Hoax. By Steve Feinstein, September 30, 2021: American Thinker.The Disposable Children of the Pandemic.Despite their supposed apolitical nature, some issues develop along hyper-partisan fault lines and become a litmus test in identifying where someone rests along the ideological spectrum.	5_2
Studies Claim Recent Global Warming Driven by Factors Other Than Humans. by James Murphy, The New American: A trio of recent studies published from June through September of this year have concluded that observed warming in the first two decades of the 21st century is more likely due to increases in absorbed solar radiation than humankinds emissions of greenhouse gases.Kenneth Richard connected the three studies	2_3
Does An Ally Against Climate Change Lie Beneath Our Feet? By enhancing soils ability to store carbon, the ground we walk on could play an essential role in keeping carbon dioxide out of the air.If were going to fight the effects of climate change, were going to have to get our hands dirty.	0_0
A League of Discontent. THIS IS AN EMERGENCY.L ife on Earth is in crisis.Our climate is changing faster than scientists predicted and the stakes are high.	0_0
White House Report Proposes Granting Refugee Status For Climate Change Activism. CDN https://www.conservativedailynews.com.	0_0
Boris Johnson Criticised For Flying Short Hop From London to Discuss Climate Change. AP U.K. Prime Minister Boris Johnson is being criticized for flying to the Group of Seven summit meeting in Cornwall, rather than taking the train, as he presses world leaders to do more to fight global warming.	5_2
XR: 23 Activists Arrested After Horse Manure Protests. LONDON, ENGLAND JUNE 27: Extinction Rebellion protesters carry papier mache heads of media business owners across Westminster Bridge during a protest on June 27, 2021 in London, England.Climate Change action group Extinction Rebellion protest at the perceived control of the UK Media by just four billionaires.	5_2
Shift to Renewables Gains Momentum. Against the backdrop of the United Nations Climate Change Conference, known as COP26, its worth remembering that although renewable energy equities and exchange traded funds, such as the ALPS Clean Energy ETF ( ACES ), are encountering headwinds this year, the long-term outlook for these assets remains bright.	0_0
The Covid-Driven Global Takeover Exposes the Real Threat of the Contrived Climate Change Agenda. As a geologist, I love Earth observations, but it is ridiculous to tie this objective to a consensus that humans are causing global warming when human experience, geologic data and history, and current cooling can argue otherwise.Consensus, as many have said, merely represents the absence of definitive science.	5_1
ARC: EU Agroforestry and CAP all Talk, no Trees. Agroforestry is much lauded, and is often promoted in the CAP process (the EUs common agricultural policy) by various institutional players.Despite its undoubted benefits however, take up in Europe is weak.The current CAP Strategic Plans process seems set to repeat this routine all spin no substance.	4_2
Gretchen Whitmer Blames Climate Change for Flooding After Many Detroit Pumps Lacked Power. Michigan Gov.Gretchen Whitmer (D) blamed climate change for flooding that occurred in Detroit last weekend, but dozens of pumping stations lacked power.Whitmer addressed reporters from the middle of the closed interstate, which was submerged underwater nearby.	0_0
Report: China emits more greenhouse gases than all developed countries combined. ) A report has found that China emitted more greenhouse gases than the U.S. and other developed countries combined in 2019.The May 6 report by New York-based research firm Rhodium Group found that China produced more than two times the amount of the U.S.s total emissions.	0_0
In 30 years, real meat will only be available in illegal places 1st stem-cell burger creator. SS: So a lot of questions regarding meat.Some say, artificial meat, some say its real meat... Lets start from.MP: I would say the last.	0_0
"Biden tells troops 'global warming' is the 'greatest threat to America'. "We need the global transition to clean energy technology.Y'know when I was over in the tank in the Pentagon, and I was first elected vice president with President Obama, the military sat us down to let us know what the greatest threats facing America were, the greatest physical threats.This is not a joke."	0_0
Thomas Kilkauer, Meg Young The Alienation of IT Workers. B RAVE NEW EUROPE is a not-for-profit educational platform for economics, politics, and climate change that brings authors at the cutting edge of progressive thought together with activists and others with articles like this.	0_0
They are busy terraforming earth with the chemtrails.They have this obsession with carbon dioxide control and climate change.They are transforming humans into something else.	5_2
Climate Envoy John Kerry Accused of Hypocrisy For Taking Private Jet to Collect Environmental Award. The former secretary of state was appointed by Joe Biden as the US envoy for climate.Kerry was involved in the signing of the Paris Agreement, an international accord aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions and preventing climate change.	5_2
Vatican Official Urges Respect for Scientific Consensus on Climate Crisis. ROME The scientific consensus on climate change calls for a radical change in the way our economic and political systems operate, said the coordinator of the Vaticans Ecology and Creation office Tuesday.	0_0
Joe Bidens Two-Front Battle Against Covid and Climate Change May Trigger Severe Food Shortages for U.S. Consumers. In the United States, the local farmers, it seems, are being squeezed out of business, or paid not to grow food, while Big Agriculture is more concerned with exporting its supplies than keeping domestic food stocks safe and affordable.	4_1
The over-simplification that coal is bad threatens COP26 success. By Bryan Lovell.Artists impression of the proposed Woodhouse Colliery near Whitehaven, Cumbria.Image: : former combatants now need to raise their game accordingly.	4_2
China Hit With Sobering Splash of Reality as Alaskan Talks Melt Under Heat of U.S. Belligerence. The Biden Administration is committed to accelerating the worst elements of the hard imperial practices of military encirclement of China while also advancing the soft imperial practices, Matt Ehret writes.	0_0
UK: Activists hit Glasgow streets ahead of UN Climate Change COP26 summit. Protesters took to the streets of Glasgow, Friday, to urge world leaders and other UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) participants to take the necessary measures against the climate crisis.The protest has been called by the Extinction Rebellion activists.	0_0
Pollak: California and Texas Blackouts Show Risks of Ideology. California suffered a heat wave in August that caused local utility companies to impose rolling blackouts.Now Texas is suffering a deep freeze that has likewise caused power shortages and rolling blackouts.Both states saw green energy alternatives fail in bad weather.	4_4
More trees do not always create a cooler planet, geographer finds. Contrary to most current thinking, the net effect of planting or cutting down trees could in theory be zero, or somewhere near that, depending on local factors.	4_2
GoviEx Uranium is ready to help meet the nuclear fuel supply gap. In order to combat the disastrous effects of climate change the United Nations (UN) has agreed that greenhouse gas emissions must drop 7.6% per year between 2020 to 2030 to keep temperatures from rising 1.5C, an additional 2.7% must be added to that annually to stay below a 2C increase.	0_0
Environment Agencys alarmist climate report is partly based on an obsolete climate scenario. An obvious problem with the Environment Agency report is its use of climate scenario RCP8.5 , which has been widely discredited as unrealistic, impossible and so on.Surely that ought to render any related comments unsuitable as advice to a government.EA report extracts follow.	5_1
The WHO Council on the Economics of Health for All: Manifesto. Growing global meat consumption threatens to derail the Paris Agreement, but that hasnt stopped the meat industry insisting it is part of the solution to climate change.Read here.Are there any tax laws that the Irish government have not included to provide transnational corporations and financial institutes with obscene profits?	4_2
China Pledges to Increase Pollution for Another Decade. Communist Chinas contribution to the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow, Scotland, was an emissions pledge that proposed increasing Chinas pollution output over the next few years.Chinese dictator Xi Jinping still claims his country will somehow reverse these trends in a very short period of time and become carbon neutral before 2060.	0_0
What Lies Ahead? The Grand Solar Minimum. Submitted by Luke Eastwood.We are all aware of the environnmental crisis that humanity (and all life on Earth) faces, characterised by the term climate change.	0_0
Lightning and subvisible discharges produce molecules that clean the atmosphere. Lightning bolts break apart nitrogen and oxygen molecules in the atmosphere and create reactive chemicals that affect greenhouse gases.	0_0
China Ending Construction of Coal Plants Abroad May Cancel Up to 190 GW of Projects, IEA Says. Speaking before the UN General Assembly in September, Chinese President Xi Jinping said that Beijing will not pursue new coal-fired power projects in developing countries around the world.The report was issued ahead of the UN Climate Change Conference, or COP26, which will take place in Glasgow from October 31 to November 12.	0_0
Democrat $3.5 Trillion Budget Bill Fulfills AOC Dream of a Civilian Climate Corps. Senate Democrats announced Monday they would include federal funding to create a new Civilian Climate Corps.The program would use taxpayer dollars to pay for a host of young people to fight climate change, a longtime dream of socialist Democrats and environmental advocates.	4_2
Climate change: UK Governments own advisers say its failing to deliver change fast enough just as they always say. Unpopular policies are hard to implement, as any politician knows.Having no convincing evidence that trace gases in the atmosphere are a major, or even any, kind of climate issue doesnt help persuade the public of a need for drastic measures and financial pain either.	2_3
Far-Left Senate Democrats: Keep Climate Provisions in Infrastructure Bill. Far-left Senate Democrats made their feelings known about not rubberstamping the infrastructure legislation if climate provisions are left out, as they feel the topic of climate change has recently faded from center stage.This comes as Democrats razor-thin majorities in both the House and Senate leave little room for error.	4_2
"Uranium Bull Case Strengthens As Japan Calls Nuclear "Key" To Its Decarbonization Goals. The plan seeks to bring the country to carbon neutrality by 2050, according to AP.And while this plan is mostly in line with what many other countries are implementing, the proverbial angel for uranium investors may be in the details."Japan has been undecided over what to do about its nuclear power industry since the 2011 Fukushima plant disaster."	4_5
Not exactly smart: Study points out issues with smart cities. ) Many cities have strived to become smart by involving 5G and the internet of things (IoT).However, a new study has pointed out a number of issues involving smart cites.Researchers found that issues such as electronic waste generation and cybersecurity threats could arise from cities adopting smart building structures.	4_1
USDA May Allow Genetically Modified Trees to Be Released Into the Wild. American chestnut seedling.Anne Petermann.	0_0
Late Night TV Elite Team Up to Push Cringe Climate Night of Propaganda Disguised as Comedy. Jimmy Kimmel, Stephen Colbert, Trevor Noah, Jimmy Fallon and others will team up to push a cringe climate night of global warming propaganda disguised as comedy, proving once how late night legacy media entertainment is now just a vehicle for establishment propaganda narratives.	5_2
Greenland isnt in a rush to fight climate change because its good for the countrys economy	3_2
"Boris Johnson's food policy strategist says meat tax 'may be necessary' but warns of food riots if brought in too soon - reports. After the UK's government climate change advisers urged it to implement policy to reduce meat and dairy consumption, Boris Johnson's hand-picked food strategy planner reportedly says a meat tax "may be necessary" in the future."	4_1
Gazas Summer: Destruction, Pandemic & Climate Change. Asmaa ABU MEZIED.In 2013, the UNDP warned of the increasing occurrence of dangerous heatwaves in Palestine over the coming years as a result of climate change.	0_0
"Great Reset: UN Orders 10-Year Deadline For Australia to Shut Down Entire Coal Industry To Fight Climate Change. Globalism Great Reset: UN Orders 10-Year Deadline For Australia to Shut Down Entire Coal Industry To Fight Climate Change Globalist body demands a sovereign nation to stop producing its second most valuable resource for "zero carbon" emissions -- this is the Great Reset in action."	5_2
UN Releases More Propaganda Against Meat and Fossil Fuel Industries Targets Methane. NicoElNino/iStock/Getty Images Plus.	5_2
Poll: Majority Think Economic Growth More Important than Climate Change. A majority of surveyed Americans think economic growth is more important than addressing climate change, even among Democrats, according to a Thursday poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research.	5_2
Cyclical climate change: Major drought in the Middle Ages and its parallels with today. The transition from the Medieval Warm Period to the Little Ice Age was apparently accompanied by severe droughts between 1302 and 1307 in Europe; this preceded the wet and cold phase of the 1310s and the resulting great famine of 1315-21.Comment: Meaning that the extreme cold events we're seeing.	2_1
global temperatures stopped rising 10 years ago. Global temperature changes, when they exist, correlate with Sun output and ocean cycles. During the Medieval Warm Period from 800 to 1300 A.D. long before cars, power plants, or the Industrial Revolution temperatures were warmer than today. During the Little Ice Age from 1300 to 1900 A.D., temperatures were cooler. Neither of these periods were caused by any human activity	2_1
Tax-Funded Research: Britons Could Live off Bug Meat by 2030 Because 'Net Zero'. Burgers made of bugs will replace beef in the British diet within a decade in order to hit the green agenda net zero government targets, a Great Reset-style taxpayer-funded review has predicted.	4_1
The Biden one-burger-a-month plan to save Earth from global warming. ) Starting now, Americans are only permitted to eat one hamburger each, per month, in order to save the planet from burning up and burning us all alive.	4_1
Delingpole: Cultural Revolution II Child Advisory Groups Reverse Mentor National Trust Staff on Evils of Slavery. The National Trust -- our biggest conservation charity -- invited groups of schoolchildren to lecture staff on the evils of colonialism.The National Trust Britains biggest and richest conservation charity invited groups of schoolchildren to lecture staff on the evils of colonialism and the slave trade, it has emerged.	0_0
BBC pressured to delete article on positive aspects of climate change. The BBCs educational website Bitesize has removed a page on climate change following backlash.There was furious reaction online over the page highlighting the benefits of climate change and the outlet was pressured into only listing the negatives.BBCs Bitesize is an educational website targeting school-going kids.	5_2
The 97% Consensus? Global Warming Unmasked! The claim is taken from a paper by Australian John Cook, Climate Communications Fellow for the Global change Institute at the University of Queensland.	5_1
Richard D. Wolff Why the Troubled U.S. Empire Could Quickly Fall Apart. are The Sickness Is the System: When Capitalism Fails to Save Us From Pandemics or Itself Understanding Socialism , and Understanding Marxism , the latter of which is now available in a newly released 2021 hardcover edition with a new introduction by the author.	0_0
Hipster Climate Change Protesters Dumped 120 TONS Of Rubbish In London. Source: summit.news As police stand by and allow hipster protesters under the Extinction Rebellion banner to bring London to a standstill again, it has been revealed that during protests two years ago, the climate change obsessed extremists dumped 120 TONS of garbage on to the streets.	5_2
Chemtrails Exposed: A Convenient Lie. Unscientific.Not only is the theory of man-made climate change incorrect, as it is promoted, it is unscientific.	5_1
Infrastructure Bill: $216M for Community Relocation of Tribes Hurt by Climate Change. The Democrats so-called $1 trillion infrastructure bill contains funding for the lefts favored climate change projects, including $216 million to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to pay for relocating tribal communities harmed by extreme weather.	4_2
After ruining the financial ecosystem with counterfeit fiat currency, the Federal Reserve now looks to ruin the climate with bizarre new committee. ) Now that the private central bank is just about through destroying the American economy with its fake fiat currency Ponzi scheme, the Federal Reserve is shifting its focus to global warming with the establishment of a new Financial Stability Climate Committee.	5_2
"Americans' Biggest Fear Is "Corrupt Government Officials". Halloween is considered the spooky season, and while skeletons and haunted houses can be scary, Statista's Katharina Buchholz points out that it's different things that keep Americans up at night."	0_0
Man made climate change is just another bull shit lie the scumbag subhuman elite claim is... However, Dimblebly is expected to tell the prime minister not to introduce any such tax in the short-term because of the potential unrest it could lead to during the pandemic, according to The Sun.	2_3
"Saudi And Russian Oil Producers Benefit From "Climate Activism" Lobbed At Western Producers. Believe it or not, oil companies in Russia and Saudi Arabia are cheering on climate activists who are doing battle with names like Shell and Exxon.That's because wins in the courtroom for activists against Shell, Chevron and Exxon have been a tailwind for Saudi Aramco, Abu Dhabi National Oil Co and Gazprom."	5_2
Coporate Europe Observatory: Stop the revolving door: fossil fuel policy influencers.We are already feeling the impacts of the climate emergency, with record-breaking storms, floods, droughts and fires.	0_0
"Any time you hear words like "new normal" or catchy phrases like "farm to fork" or "farm to... Farm to Fork: How the EU and the Davos Cabal Plan to Control Agriculture.F. WILLIAM ENGDAHL.Whenever we hear the word sustainable, we would be well-advised to take a critical look behind the nice sounding words."	4_2
Qwick Takes: Carbon markets and carbon farming. From Talking Biz News.This week, Talking Biz News Deputy Editor Erica Thompson reached out to Qwoteds community of experts to inquire about carbon markets.	0_0
No, CBS News, Global Warming Did Not Create Taliban Victory. CBS News published an article Friday claiming global warming was a major factory in the Taliban overrunning Afghanistan and creating murderous chaos throughout the country, rather than political ineptitude.	5_2
Bezos Belching: Amazon Carbon Emissions Up 19% in 2020 Despite Climate Pledge. E-commerce giant Amazon has admitted its carbon emissions rise by 19 percent in 2020 despite its previous public promises to fight climate change.	0_0
Is COVID-19 a symptom of climate change? But as the coronavirus crisis continued, all eyes turned to the disease that was taking lives daily, and away from the long-term but increasingly acute and irreversible impacts of climate change on human living conditions.	0_0
G20 Rome: Experts Point at Advances in COVID & Economic Recovery, Limited Success on Climate. For two days Romes EUR district was turned into a fortress: the G20 summit venues were guarded by beefed up security forces.Unlike some previous summits, such as the 2017 Hamburg G20, the meeting of the world leaders in Italy has not been marked by violent protests.	0_0
Die Erde kuhlt ab, wahrend die radikalen Grunen weiterhin gegen die globale Erwarmung kampfen. The deep freeze conditions in Texas have brought the state to a screeching halt.The power grid collapsed, totally unprepared for freezing temps, alternative energy failed as natural gas pumps froze.Still, Climate Tzar John Kerry says we only have 9 years left to tip the scales on global warming.	1_3
Leftists Blame Capitalism, Global Warming For Mexican State-Owned Oil Company's Gulf Fire. If anything, this fire amounts to an argument against state oil companies and the inevitable results of their activity, where profit is not the foremost concern, profit is not a thing, and making shareholders happy is not an issue.	5_2
Angelina Jolie: Climate Change will Force Hundreds of Millions into Refugee Status.... Marvel Studios Eternals star Angelina Jolie made a fly in-fly out visit to a remote camp in Burkina Faso on Sunday to address refugees who have fled Islamic jihadist violence in the region, warning them the threat of climate change is real and could lead millions to a fate like theirs.	0_0
Biden Admin To Turn Away Fleeing Cubans As Soros Group Calls For US To Accept Millions Of Climate Refugees. The Biden administration announced on Tuesday that any refugees fleeing the communist country of Cuba will be turned away from the U.S. if they try to enter.Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas said during a press conference, If you take to the sea, you will not come to the United States.	0_0
Report: Chinas Greenhouse Gas Emissions Exceed All Other Developed Nations Combined The Rhodium Group, a climate research organization based in New York, Thursday that Chinas greenhouse gas emissions now exceed the entire rest of the developed world combined.	0_0
Study warns solar farms could unleash unintended consequences on the environment, including global warming. A new study finds there could be unintended consequences of constructing massive solar farms in deserts around the world.The eye-opening research claims that huge solar farms, such as in the Sahara, could usher in environmental crises, including altering the climate and causing global warming.	4_4
"Climate is the new Covid. Chester "It's going to be our focus.Like our focus was to get Trump out of office, right?Without saying it, that's what it was, right?"	5_2
Prince Charles is an Idiot. While they spend the next two weeks lecturing everyone else about doing more to tackle climate change, elitists including Jeff Bezos, Prince Charles and Bill Gates have been slammed for flying around everyday on carbon spewing private jets.	5_2
Big Tech Giants Urge SEC to Force Public Companies to Issue Climate Disclosures. The Big Tech Masters of the Universe have come together to urge the SEC to require public companies to regularly disclose climate-related issues to shareholders.The letter was signed by Googles parent company Alphabet, Amazon, Autodesk, eBay, Facebook, Intel, and Salesforce.	0_0
Tucker: Green Energy Means More Power Grid Failures Like Texas. CARLSON: Well, the Green New Deal, has come, believe it or not to the State of Texas and now, were here with the report.Hows it working out so far?Well, the good news is all that alternative energy seems to have had a remarkable effect on the climate as intended.	4_4
Silly Season at the UN: 1989 vs. 2021 Climate Doomsday (its all politics now). The climate of many countries seems to be one of the great reasons why idleness, dishonesty, immobility, stupidity, and weakness of will prevail.If we can conquer climate, the whole world will become stronger and nobler. Ellsworth Huntington, Civilization and Climate (New Haven, Yale University Press, 1915), p. 294.	0_0
UN to Texas: You MUST Go Green. Gov Abbott to UN: Pound Sand. By Selwyn Duke.Texas just endured a brutal winter last season in which its partial reliance on wobbly wind power led to the deaths of at least 111 people, mostly from hypothermia.	4_4
9 of Hollywood's Biggest Acts of Hypocrisy: China, #MeToo, Guns, Climate Change, and More. When theyre not making movies, TV shows, or albums, left-wing Hollywood elites can be found lecturing average Americans on how to live their lives.Gun control is imperative, lockdowns are necessary, and burning fossil fuels is wrong.Except when they do it, of course.	5_2
Americans Biggest Fear Is Corrupt Government Officials. from Halloween is considered the spooky season, and while skeletons and haunted houses can be scary, Statistas Katharina Buchholz points out that its different things that keep Americans up at night.	0_0
Abrupt ice age climate changes behaved like cascading dominoes. Interesting, but as weve had a temperature rise of about 1.2C since 1880, according to one source at least, comparisons with much bigger historical increases in shorter timescales seem somewhat ambitious, to say the least.	5_1
In many cases, however, there is considerable uncertainty about whether changes in climate would result in creating or enhancing feedbacks. With some feedbacks or physical mechanisms there is uncertainty as to how they work. The oceans and atmosphere interact with each other in ways we do not completely understand. In fact, there are interactions with the deep oceans that arent even taken into consideration yet in our climate models	5_1
G20 Meets in Rome Ahead of COP26, Discusses Climate Change and Vaccines. ROME (AP) The leaders of the worlds economic powerhouses on Saturday took part in the first in-person summit since the coronavirus pandemic, with climate change, COVID-19 economic recovery and the global minimum corporate tax rate on the agenda.	0_0
Eat The Bugs To Save the Earth, Says Time Magazine. Time Magazine is pushing the globalist Great Reset agenda with yet another piece attacking Americans for not adopting insects into their diet to help the environment.According to the article entitled, Theyre Healthy.Theyre Sustainable.	5_2
"Greta Thunberg slams Joe Biden for ignoring 'the science' on climate change. Swedish teen environmental activist Greta Thunberg says President Biden isn't doing enough to "treat the climate crisis like a crisis," accusing him of being "not nearly enough in line with the science" on the issue."	0_0
The Covid era's politicization of expertise means we now have medics lecturing us on climate change. Would you go to a geologist for a cancer diagnosis?Of course not.So why should we listen to 200 medical journal editors pontificating about the climate emergency?	5_2
USA: At least 30 arrests at march in support of 'Build Back Better' plan. At least 30 protesters were arrested for civil disobedience as hundreds marched in Washington DC, on Wednesday, demanding Congress and the Biden administration pass a broad 3.5 trillion dollar 'Build Back Better' legislation, which includes large parts of US President Joe Biden's economic agenda.	0_0
Report: China is a bigger air pollution contributor than all developed nations combined. ) A report shows that China emitted more greenhouse gases in 2019 than all developed nations combined.Led by the American research firm Rhodium Group, the report notes that the Communist nations greenhouse gas emissions are more than 30 million metric tons higher than the combined total of all developed nations, including the United States.	0_0
The failure of COPitalism. Cross-posted from Climate and Capitalism , an online journal focusing on capitalism, climate change, and the ecosocialist alternative.Even on its own terms, the outcome of the COP26 climate conference in Glasgow was catastrophic.	0_0
Granholm: 'We Dont Know Fully' if Climate Change Played Role in Collapse of FL Condo. Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm on Tuesday suggested it is possible climate change led to the partial condominium collapse in Miami, FL.When asked on CNNs New Day if climate changes impact on extraordinary tides played a role in the condo collapse, Granholm said we dont know fully if it did or not.	0_0
3. Juni 2021 | Wie die Technokratie unsichtbare Feinde benutzt, um die Welt in Panik zu versetzen. We live in an age of global deception and delusion of Biblical proportions.Lying is a way of life.Deceiving is taken to the level of an art form.	0_0
Bioethicist Proposes Engineering SMALLER Humans With Beef Intolerance to Fight Climate Change. skynesher/iStock/Getty Images Plus.North Korean defector Yeonmi Park recently said that America has, unbelievably, become even crazier than her native country.A reality evidencing this is that factual articles about real stories too often now sound like satire.	5_2
California and Nevada Are Now 100% in Drought. Direct from After two water years of dry conditions, both California and Nevada are now 100% in drought.And with dire drought conditions, rapidly decreasing snowpack, and low reservoir levels, concern for wildfire season is growing.Read the drought status update to learn more.	0_0
Is The Sun, Rather than CO2, Behind Global Warming? Dr. Willie Soon and 21 other scientists claim the conclusions of the latest code red IPCC climate report, and the certainty with which those conclusions are expressed, are dependent on the IPCC authors narrow choice of datasets.	5_1
"Jane Fonda: Biden Is Not Bold Enough on Climate Change. Appearing Tuesday on CNNs New Day, Hollywood actress and left-wing activist Jane Fonda condemned President Joe Biden for failing to enact bold policies to address climate change.Actress @Janefonda calls on Biden to stop the construction of the Line 3 pipeline, adding that the President has "done a lot of very good things.But not enough."	0_0
British Government Will Have to Force People to Eat Less Red Meat to Meet Climate Change Targets. Christopher Snowdon of the Institute for Economic Affairs warns that the British government will only achieve its climate change targets by forcing people to eat less red meat.	4_1
John Kerry Travels to Moscow to Talk About Climate Change Despite Threat. The Office of the Director of National Intelligence Annual Threat Assessment (April 9, 2021) reports that Russia is an ongoing threat to the United States, but the Biden administration is sending John Kerry to Moscow to talk about climate change nonetheless.	5_2
Im not denying climate change, but how do we know for sure its happening? Is it possible that we just happen to still be in the process of coming out of the last ice age?	1_2
State Department Denies Kerry Took Private Jet to Obama Party Despite Photos Showing Him Exiting It. Claims that White House Climate Envoy John Kerry arrived at Barack Obamas birthday bash via a private jet have been denied by the State Department, despite a photo being published showing Kerry exiting the plane.Secretary Kerry lives on Marthas Vineyard, he did not travel there for a party.	5_2
Global energy prices have surged this month, compounding inflation and putting further strain on working-class households throughout the world.Natural gas prices have recorded some of their largest ever increases on record.Both the European and Asian benchmarks for natural gas reached record highs last week.	0_0
"BEST OF THE WEB: The Great Nonsense of "The Great Reset". "The Great Reset" is the latest deceptive euphemism for totalitarian socialism that is being promoted by yet another group of wealthy corporate elitists who think they can centrally plan the entire world economy.They are essentially the ideological heirs of Frederick Engels and his intellectual puppet Karl Marx."	5_2
The UN Food Summit Ignored Indigenous People and Pushed The Great Reset Agenda. By Derrick Broze The United Nations recently held the Food Systems Summit with a focus on transforming the global food systems, but activists and farmers are exposing the summit as an attempt at corporate colonization of the food supply.	0_0
Biden and Corporate America Join Forces on Climate Change. skynesher/istock/Getty Images Plus.The new alliance between Big Business and the Democrat Party has found another piece of common ground: Climate change.Leaders at some of the countrys biggest corporations are eager to work with Joe Biden to tackle what they believe to be a coming man-made climate crisis.	5_2
Scottish Government has no plan B and reliant on unproven technology to hit climate targets. All these political climate fantasies will get rumbled in the end.The cracks between the ambitions and reality just keep getting wider, and thats not just the SNP in Scotland, its everywhere you look.	4_2
Well, obviously there is no melting of ice going on at the North Pole. If they're gonna tell us the polar vortex is responsible for this cold, that means record cold is also happening in the North Pole, which means there isn't any ice melting	1_1
Be Anyone You Want to Be. This Halloween, you might take a step outside the box and dress up as a powerful figure to make a statement.Whether that statement is about gender inequality, race relations, Covid or climate change, theres a woman out there breaking barriers.Why not pretend to be them for a day?	0_0
Supply Chain Disruptions Curtail Union Pacific's Intermodal Volumes. Easing supply chain disruptions means putting more attention on ensuring adequate workforce numbers among dray drivers, at warehouse and distribution centers, and at the ports, according to Fritz.	0_0
"Very Green" - Biden's Gas-Guzzling 85-Car-Motorcade Raises Climate-Crazed Eyebrows In Vatican Visit. President Biden arrived at a climate summit in Glasgow on Sunday, but before that, the president cruised around Rome in an 85-vehicle gas-guzzling motorcade - drawing strong criticism on Twitter about liberal hypocrisy."	5_2
Princeton University physicist William Happer is not a fan of models used to predict future manmade global warming, and stars in a new educational video laying out the reasons he believes climate models are faulty.	5_1
GOP Rep. Mace: Dems Pull at Heartstrings with Climate Change. GOP Rep. Mace: Democrats Do a Very Good Job Pulling on Emotional Heartstrings, Using Extremism, Scare Tactics Sunday on FNCs The Next Revolution, Rep. Nancy Mace (R-SC) commented on how Democrats have been effective in pushing their so-called climate change agenda.	5_2
"The French Riviera suffers "a winter like no other". The south of France has suffered exceptionally chilly temperatures this winter, with reports calling it "a winter like no other".Woolly hats, coats, scarves and gloves are a strange sight along the Cote d'Azur (aka the French Riviera), reports monaco-tribune.com, even at this time of year."	1_3
Glasgow, COP26, World Economic Forum, Great Reset. COP climate talks were always going to be difficult: 200 countries in search of a plan to prevent catastrophic warming of the planet with time running out fast.The backdrop of terrifying weather events had brought a renewed sense of urgency to the matter.	0_0
Credit Card Cuts Off Spending When You Reach Your CO2 Limit. The company that created a credit card to track your purchases CO2 emissions is set to launch a premium version of the card that cuts off your spending as soon as you hit your carbon max. This is the latest of many schemes to force major changes in human behaviour to allegedly lessen global warming.	4_1
Anyone who understands how the SUN interacts and CONTROLS ALL WEATHER AND VOLCANIC EVENTS ON EARTH, saw this coming.It TRUELY is SAD to see so many intellectuals failing themselves and looking like COMPLETE IDIOTS!.......Like thinking MAN has caused global warming or climate change.	5_1
"White House Unveils US Long-Term Strategy To Achieve Net-Zero Emissions By 2050. Well, here it is.John Kerry's masterpiece explaining just how the US will reach net-zero emissions by 2050... and everything will be awesome (for the children): "We can create a healthy, vibrant, and abundant world for our children.This plan is our promise to them - and it is one we must keep."	0_0
Climate Activist and 'Thor' Star Chris Hemsworth Takes Second Private Jet Flight in a Week. Marvel Studios Thor star Chris Hemsworth, who is also a climate change and environmental activist, reportedly took a private jet from Sydney to Byron Bay in Australia on Friday, marking the second time that the actor has flown on a private plane in less than a week.	5_2
Biden's pause of new federal oil and gas leases could kill almost 200,000 jobs. ) Bidens freeze of new oil and gas permits for federal lands and waters could cost the Gulf of Mexico oil and gas industry some 200,000 jobs .Those are the projections of a recent report prepared by the Energy and Industrial Advisory Partners (EIAP) for the National Ocean Industries Association (NOIA).	4_1
Joe Biden: Not A Joke Global Warming the Greatest Threat Facing America. President Joe Biden claimed Wednesday that the greatest threat to America was global warming in a speech to American troops in the United Kingdom.Biden asked the nations of the world to commit to ambitious climate action to stop climate change and stop the world from warming no more than 1.5 degrees celsius.	0_0
NO GLOBAL WARMING. GET SAVED NOW !!1 Corinthians 15:1-4 1 Moreover, brethren, I declare unto you the gospel which I preached unto you, which also ye have received, and wherein ye stand; 2 By which also ye are saved, if ye keep in memory what I preached unto you, unless ye have believed in vain.	1_4
Bernie Sanders: Future Generations Will 'Never Forgive Us' if We Don't Address Climate Change. Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) issued a cautionary message on Friday, warning that future generations will never forgive us if the lefts radical agenda to address climate change does not materialize.	5_2
Pope Francis Warns We Have Little Time Left to Stop Global Warming. ROME Pope Francis has launched another climate warning, asserting humanity has only ten years to restore the earths ecosystem.	0_0
UNEP: Used Cars To Be Rapidly Phased Out During Transition To Electric. very weak policies regulating the import of used vehicles.	0_0
Melting icebergs from Antarctica are the key in triggering ice ages. Icebergs broke loose from Antarctica and travelled north.As it got colder, they journeyed farther and farther north and carried large quantities of fresh water out to sea.This triggered global changes in ocean circulation, a new study published in the journal Nature reports.	1_2
Click bait .. Yeh, apparently this BOT is dummer than the rest of them Different day, same SHIT.You would think with their Allleged AI they will come up with something more interesting than to keep repenting the same SHIT over and over again.OH YEH, I FORGOT, ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE DOES NOT EXIST AND NEVER HAS.	0_0
Dramatic climate change 6,000 years ago caused mangrove collapse in Oman. Most of the mangrove forests on the coasts of Oman disappeared about 6,000 years ago.Until now, the reason for this was not entirely clear.A current study of the University of Bonn (Germany) now sheds light on this: It indicates that the collapse of coastal ecosystems was caused by climatic changes.	2_1
White House Says The Budget Will Spend More On Climate Than Entire Energy Department. CDN https://www.conservativedailynews.com.by The Democrats reconciliation package will likely include more than $500 billion worth of climate provisions, more than the entire Department of Energy budget, the White House said, according to The Hill.	0_0
I would love to see Barack Obama, Bill Clinton, and Hillary sitting outside on the 50 yard line of Green Bay the whole game, and then afterwards do a presentation for us all on global warming. Sit there the whole game outside.	1_3
GCA Chief: We Are Utterly Unprepared for the Climate Emergency. The CEO of the Global Center for Adaptation (GCA) contends that climate disasters have doubled during the last 20 years, CNBC reported Wednesday.	0_0
Climate change has transformed Sweden into a new hotspot for wine. Warmer and longer summers have led to boomtime for an industry that barely existed just two decades ago. Now, experts predict the country could compete with wine powerhouses like France, Italy, and Spain in the years to come.	3_2
The problem with climate change politics. Climate change bears all the hallmarks of a state-sponsored crisis, useful to shift attention from other political failures.But the absence of financial accountability which characterises government actions also introduces behavioural errors.	4_2
Against Enclosure: The Commonwealth Men. Cross-posted from Climate and Capitalism , an online journal focusing on capitalism, climate change, and the ecosocialist alternative.How early reformers fought privatization of land and capitalist agriculture.Before Its News is a community of individuals who report on whats going on around them, from all around the world.	0_0
German officials left dams full for weeks even with heavy rains forecasted. Now they want to hide their gross incompetence and blame climate change.how Germany's flood disaster could have been prevented in large part, especially in terms of lives lost.The latest death toll has risen to over 150.	0_0
Climate Scientist Suggests Carbon Emissions Should Be Taxed at $1,000/Ton. acinquantadue/iStock/Getty Images Plus.A longtime New Zealand climate scientist is frustrated that mankind has not yet broken the bank and ponied up to solve the so-called climate crisis.	4_1
NYTimes and Nature falsely claim one-third of heatwaves due to climate change. As this article says: The wealth of scientific evidence points overwhelmingly to the conclusion that cold, not heat, kills. But anything alarmist, however tenuous, seems to get a free pass from so-called fact checkers who want humans to be blamed for any real or imagined climate variation.	1_7
New analysis of ancient grave site concludes climate change likely contributed to one of the oldest examples of human warfare. One of the oldest known war cemeteries, discovered in the Nile River Valley, did not necessarily originate from a single epic battle like we once thought.	2_1
Government to approve plan to combat climate change. The decision was made by Prime Minister Naftali Bennett and MKs Tamar Zandberg, Yair Lapid, Karin Elharrar, Merav Michaeli, Orna Barbivay and Ayelet Shaked.Their goal is the lessen the emission of greenhouse gasses by 85% by 2050, with a 27% checkpoint in 2030.	0_0
Leftists Lockdown Love Affair: Are Climate Lockdowns Next? Fiordaliso/iStock/Getty Images Plus.In late February, globalist group World Economic Forum posted a tweet with an embedded video proclaiming, incredibly, that lockdowns are quietly improving cities around the world. Earths seismic noise has been the lowest in decades due to lockdowns, the organization enthusiastically explained .	4_1
Did The Simpsons Predict a La Palma Mega Tsunami? Carbon Footprint Cataclysm Climate Change Clouds Cooling Deluge Disaster Downpour Earthquake Flash Flood Flood Geo Engineering HAARP Hurricane Ice Age La Palma Meteorology Pole Shift Solar Flare Storm Subduction Sunspot Tectonic Volcano Weather.	0_0
Biden directs US to mitigate financial risk from climate change. President Joe Biden is directing federal agencies to develop a comprehensive strategy to identify and manage financial risks to government and the private sector posed by climate change.	4_2
"UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson Addresses World Leaders at COP26 Opening Ceremony. Johnson called for action from the audience of more than 120 world leaders on "coal, cars, cash and trees."	0_0
Delingpole: Hurricane Ida Was by No Means Louisianas Worst. Over 200 people died in the terrible hurricane that made landfall on the Louisiana coastline.But that was 165 years ago during the Last Island hurricane of 1856.Its modern day successor Hurricane Ida has not proved nearly so deadly despite the MSMs effort to shoehorn it into its storms are getting worse and its all our fault narrative.	1_7
Scientists Reveal Why Earths Axis Has Shifted. Apart from polar wandering, researchers have taken note of a number of directional changes in Earths axis, saying the planet is careening in a more easterly direction than earlier.	2_1
Study: 146 Million Acres of Forest Thriving Globally, Soaking up More Carbon Dioxide Than U.S. Emits. Forests so large they could cover all of France have regenerated and thrived since 2000 and benefit the environment by absorbing one billion tons of carbon dioxide a rate greater than the annual emissions from the United States.	3_2
Exclusive J.D. Vance: Biden's War on Energy Is a Forced Transfer of Jobs to China. J.D.Vance, Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate seat from Ohio and author of Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis , noted Friday how the Biden administrations war on American energy facilitates the loss of manufacturing jobs to China.	4_1
AOC Demands: No Climate Change Money in Spending Package We Will Tank Infrastructure Bill. U.S. Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) said Thursday if Democrats do not pass a reconciliation spending packing that includes far-left provisions like money for fighting so-called climate change, she and other progressives will tank the Democrat infrastructure bill.	4_2
Oceans losing oxygen mainly due to global warming, say researchers but what about CO2? Quoting from the article : The main reason for this is global warming, which leads to a decrease in the solubility of gases and thus also of oxygen. Surely the same applies to carbon dioxide (CO2): warmer water causes release of some of it from the oceans into the atmosphere?Diagrams of the Earths natural carbon cycle seem conclusive enough.	3_2
WEFs Schwab: Decent Life for People Destroys Livability of Our Planet; Use Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics To Kill Off Progress, People. by Harley Schlanger, Oct. 7, 2021 (EIRNS)Klaus Schwab, President of the World Economic Forum (WEF), is activated, along with the full WEF network of billionaires, royals, and mega-cartels, to push their Metrics of allowable economic activity, for stakeholders in every aspect of life (business, government, fraternal, religious etc.)	0_0
"NUTS: Biden Energy Secretary Jen Granholm suggests the condo collapse in Florida was due to "climate change". ) Leftists have been trying to scare Americans into giving the government supreme power over our lives for six decades at least, and theyve come up with some of the dumbest arguments to make their case. In the 1960s, the big scare was overpopulation. It spread throughout academia and of course the pop culture."	5_2
A National Security Issue: GOP Takes Aim at Democrats Over Gas Prices, Energy Costs. CDN https://www.conservativedailynews.com.by GOP lawmakers have turned up the heat on the Biden administration, repeatedly slamming it for rising energy prices that consumers have experienced recently.Theres nothing thats becoming more expensive than gasoline today, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said on Wednesday.	4_5
German Climate Scientist Warns of Irreversible Global Warming. German climate scientist Markus Rex warned this week that humanity may have already passed the tipping point for irreversible global warming.	0_0
EU Endorses Beetle Larvae for Human Consumption, Touts 'Environmental Benefits'. Representatives from the European Unions 27 member states have approved Tenebrio molitor beetle larvae, also known as mealworms, as innovative food and suitable for human consumption.	0_0
Doesnt take geniuses or a study to figure this out. When all you have to do is walk... Finding the Sun the main player in climate would be the default position in any normal world, but now it gets billed as the challenger.	4_2
"SOTT FOCUS: Covid, Climate Change And The Great Reset: A Cover And "Solution" To The West's Failing Financial System. With the 2020 emergence of the alleged global pandemic, human settlements have certainly been implementing plans.Fitting in perfectly with Agenda 2030, our leaders efforts to build back better are focused upon a recovery which appears to have been planned long before anyone had even heard of SARS-CoV-2."	5_2
Dune Director Denis Villeneuve Launches Climate Change Rant at Venice Film Festival: Future Generations will Judge Us. Dune director Denis Villeneuve launched a climate change rant at the Venice Film Festival following the Warner Bros. films premiere, saying, future generations will judge us. The directors comments come after he and a throng of Hollywood celebrities landed in Venice, Italy for the glitzy event.	5_2
Al Gore has reportedly bought not one, not two, but three homes near beaches. So he doesnt seem too worried about that coming sea-surge tsunami. Again, you just cant make this stuff up	1_6
COVID-19, Economic Crisis & Climate Are the Big Issues for G20 to Wrestle With, Says Cambridge Prof. According to University of Cambridge Assistant Professor Tristen Naylor, who is Deputy Director of the G20 Research Group London, there is a staggering lack of coordination between bloc members on issues, such as response to the pandemic.Sputnik: Your group has been following G20 summits for many years.	0_0
DeSmog UK: Coal Mining Giant to Sponsor Green Energy Gallery at UK Science Museum.Campaigners described the newly announced sponsorship deal as greenwash, plain and simple says DeSmog, a website devoted to decluttering the debate on climate change.Read here Gautam Adani.	5_2
China Built 3X As Much Coal Power in 2020 As the Rest of the World. As Voice of America News (VOA) delicately observed, this tremendous surge of coal-burning power plants, which are ostensibly one of the worst sources of global warming emissions, would seem to undermine Chinas loudly declared short-term climate goals and Chinese dictator Xi Jinpings promises to make his country carbon-neutral by 2060.	0_0
They frequently predict that the real climate will warm less than climate models suggest it will over the next century reducing the need to respond to climate change with policy interventions	5_1
"Laptev Sea ice melting earlier than expected is insignificant. A 'professional' meteorologist on Twitter who primarily focuses on melting sea ice and high temperatures, tweeted the following on June 15th, 2021: "We have never seen the Laptev Sea in the Arctic melt this fast so early in the summer.Uncharted territory with intense heatwaves firing up all round the Northern Hemisphere."	1_6
"Ted Cruz Grills Pete Buttigieg on Biden Killing Thousands of Keystone XL Jobs. Ted Cruz questioned Pete Buttigieg about Joe Biden's order to end the Keystone XL Pipeline to combat "climate change."."	0_0
Surely 'window' should be plural here. warns of dangerously narrow window for green recovery The Prince of Wales has warned there is a dangerously narrow window of opportunity in which to tackle climate change.Surely he means dangerously narrow windows.He may not have been counting over the years, but he must know there have been many such windows, all desperately critical.	0_0
Climate Rationing Is Coming. , Lumley said: These are tough times, and I think theres got to be legislation.	0_0
Climate protection - the new face of eugenics. 10.05.2021 In the last week of January 2021, the annual meeting of the World Economic Forum (WEF) took place.In their speeches, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, EU President Ursula von der Leyen and climate activist Greta Thunberg called for significantly more speed internationally in climate and environmental protection.	0_0
Corporate Europe Observatory Stop the Toxic Trade!The EU Green Deal includes bold promises to vastly reduce the use of toxic pesticides.But big pesticide corporations like Bayer, BASF, Syngenta and Corteva are lobbying hard to counter these initiatives.	0_0
COP26: BoJo To Warn 'World Has Run Down the Clock on Climate Change, Urge Tough New Commitments. Boris Johnson is to appeal to world leaders attending the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP26) to make tougher pledges on lowering emissions needed to restrict global temperature rises to below 1.5C.	0_0
The Farm to Fork Green Agenda: How the EU and the Davos WEF Cabal Plan to Control Agriculture. By F. William Engdahl Whenever we hear the word sustainable we would be well-advised to take a critical look behind the nice sounding words.	4_1
"'No More Whatever F**k Theyre Doing': Thunberg Says Politicians at COP26 are Pretending - Video. "Inside COP there are just politicians and people in power pretending to take our future seriously, pretending to take the present seriously of the people who are being affected already today by the climate crisis.Change is not going to come from inside there."	0_0
Brits were misled about cost of Net Zero. Government estimates usually mean not less than, but this is worse than that.Its supposed not to be possible to tie the hands of future governments on policy matters, but thats what the Climate Change Act does, based on the notion that CO2 is harmful except for plant growth and in fizzy drinks.	4_1
If we've had at least three ice ages, and some people, some scientists say five, you cannot have five seamless ice ages. You must warm up between, you know, to have them. The earth has had tornadoes, hurricanes, volcanic eruptions, tectonic plate shifts, meteor strikes, asteroid strikes, for millions of years, and it's not going to stop just because we're here now. When you think back twenty years ago, the worry was global freezing. We're going to freeze again. We're going to have another ice age	2_1
Walzel Strikes for Climate Realism (Houston Chronicle interview fair, telling). Comment : Denier is a pejorative, bully term.It should not be used to label those who disagree with the Malthusian agenda, from mass starvation to climate collapse.A chemical engineer who made his money as a pipeline executive, Walzel lives in West University, a Houston enclave populated with academics from nearby Rice University.	5_2
Humans of the GREAT RESET: What the Future Might Look Like in 2021 if the Controlling Elites Have Their Way. With vaccine rollouts underway, humanity looks set to win the fight against the coronavirus.But some elites planning a post-coronavirus Great Reset dont want to go back to normal.Heres what they have planned instead.	0_0
Swiss reject climate change referendum with zoomers and millennials leading the way. We agree with the Swiss journalist Mathieu von Rohr that this failure is not merely important in its own right, but symptomatic for the difficulties facing Green politics in general.It is one thing for people to pretend they support the Green party, especially when it is cool to do so.	5_2
There is no global warming': Senator Malcolm Roberts. ;t=137s One Nation Senator Malcolm Roberts has emphatically argued theres no warming of the earth.Speaking to Sky News on Friday, Mr Roberts said in Australia, the temperatures in the 1880s and 1890s were not only warmer than they are today, the heatwaves were longer.	2_1
Blah-Blah: Climate Summits Only Worsen Global Warming, Especially When Joe Biden Is Talking. I cant be the only one whos fed up with all this climate-summit hooey.It goes nowhere every few months when advocates want a junket to another intriguing global city on taxpayer-funded expense accounts.	5_2
The Last Ice Age Is Not Over in the Deep Sea. While investigating gas hydrate deposits in the western Black Sea, a team of scientists from GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel and MARUM Center for Marine Environmental Sciences at the University of Bremen made surprising discoveries.	1_2
"Government Pays Farmers To Destroy Crops In the Name of Climate Change" (Video). by The Biden administration is running a program that pays farmers to leave land fallow, part of a broader, government-wide effort to cut greenhouse gas emissions in half by 2030.This new initiative incentivizes farmers to take land out of production by raising rental rates and incentive payments."	4_1
"Energy Demand Destruction Will Lead To Global Recession, Tellurian Chairman Warns. One month ago, Goldman said that the one thing that could accelerate the resolution of Europe's energy crisis was plain, simple "demand destruction" - i.e., a plunge in demand due to prices that were too high until the reduced demand leads to less supply and a lower price."	0_0
I haven't seen the reports that would get me to believe that anything's different than the patterns that we had that we've gone through through the time of records. All of our records we've hit in heat waves, look at them. They're in the 1930s. Dust bowl happened way before your and I's time. And the cycles we had, we had cold winters growing up and we've had mild winters growing up	2_1
Delingpole: Climate Jackals Move In to Steal What Is Left of Your Freedoms. Meet Sir David King, climate jackal.He and his fellow scavengers (the collective noun for jackals, appropriately enough, is a skulk) are moving in to feed on the denuded carcass of what used to be your freedoms.	4_1
Despite scare stories about warming, near-record breaking cold weather drives up sales of fur coats as bitter winter hits Russia. Plunging temperatures in Moscow have prompted a run on cold weather gear, despite previous predictions that, given the impact of global warming, Russia's coldest days were behind it.	1_3
NJ WEATHER WARFARE ACTIVE SHOOTER ALERT #4 BILL GATES FINAL SOLUTION301 PM 10.14.21. Alzheimers atmospheric aerosol injections CA chemical ice cream chemtrails climate change coronavirus coup covid PLANDEMIC graphene ionospheric heaters mRNA NEUROTOXINS NJ WEATHER warfare solar plasma SOLAR RADIATION MANAGEMENT SOLAR REMEDIATION weather modification.	0_0
Sinister Rockefeller Food System Agenda They Created it and Now Want to Destroy It. No one group has done more to damage our global agriculture and food quality than the Rockefeller Foundation.They began in the early 1950s after the War to fund two Harvard Business School professors to develop vertical integration which they named Agribusiness. The farmer became the least important.	0_0
I have followed for over ten years on a daily basis the evidence for and against the hypothesis (NOT theory) that CO2 is causing the world to warm with predicted catastrophic results. I came to the conclusion that it was all nonsense based on a desire to destroy the capitalist world. CO2 is less than 1/20th of a percent of the atmosphere and is a weak greenhouse gas. Water vapour averages about 3% and is a much stronger greenhouse gas. Simple logic says that whatever role CO2 might play it is very minor.	2_3
"UK: Merkel urges world leaders to combat climate change during her final COP conference. Angela Merkel discussed combatting climate change at the COP26 conference in Glasgow on Monday."We will not get ahead with government activities alone.Because it is about a comprehensive transformation of our life, work and economy."	0_0
Canadian educators and workers explain why they are attending the October 24 webinar on eliminating COVID-19. Members of the Cross-Canada Educators Rank-and-File Safety Committee (CERSC) have been campaigning for the October 24 webinar, How to end the pandemic , which is being co-hosted by the World Socialist Web Site and International Workers Alliance of Rank-and-File Committees (IWA-RFC).	0_0
Michael Roberts COP-out 26. and Across 40 different areas spanning the power sector, heavy industry, agriculture, transportation, finance and technology, not one is changing quickly enough to avoid 1.5C in global heating beyond pre-industrial times, according to a report by the World Resources Institute.	0_0
Yellow Vests 2.0? European Union Faces Widespread Unrest as Green Policies See Energy Costs Soar. The European Unions radical green agenda risks sparking widespread political unrest as seen during the Yellow Vest movement in France as energy prices soar throughout the bloc.	4_1
Dusan Pajovic, Lucas Febraro Fit for the 1%: The failure of the EUs Fit for 55 plan. While the EU and mainstream media is uncontrollably enthused about the EUs Fit for 55 Plan experts are anything but and trying to put a brave face on the EUs Braun Deal Dusan Pajovic is a Green New Deal For Europe Coordinator Lucas Febraro is a digital communications expert and Member of the Green New Deal for Europe campaign.	0_0
Unpacking Propaganda: What Is It? What Can You Do About It? America is awash with harmful and dangerous propaganda, but few people understand what it is, how it works and what can be done to overcome it.This article examines the nature, structure and intent of propaganda so readers can increase awareness and discernment.Propaganda Defined.	0_0
Eco-imperialism: The West's New Kind of Colonialism. Globally, there is a movement to remove the residues of Western imperialism from all quarters of society.Throughout the world, monuments dedicated to Western explorers and statesmen are being toppled.	0_0
Dutch court gets climate science wrong. Embarrassing.Whatever the true science may be, its not what the court claimed .Is an appeal against their verdict in order?	5_1
"climate models that attempt to predict the future temperature of the planet...dont work. They havent worked in the past. They dont work now."; "the number of factors that influence climatethe sun, the earths orbital properties, oceans, clouds, and, yes, industrial manis huge and enormously variable"	5_1
Richard Murphy How Neo-liberal Populism Destroys a Valuable Public Service Again. Cross-posted from Tax Research UK The foundations of populist politics are easy to explain.First you say that the people are oppressed by an elite.Then you say that the experts in that elite are not telling the truth.	0_0
Australia's Defence Minister Says Macrons Anger Over AUKUS-Botched Sub Deal Due to Looming Election. Australias Defence Minister Peter Dutton has suggested that Pariss lingering frustration over the scuppering of its multi-billion submarine deal with Canberra can be explained by looming elections in France.The minister was commenting on the tentative steps being taken by the sides to resolve the issue.	0_0
Environmental Extremism Is Creeping Into Every Domain of Public Policy. CDN https://www.conservativedailynews.com.By Charlotte, NC Many on the left continue to place their ideology of environmental extremism above all other considerations, including economic growth, individual freedom, and the welfare of low-income Americans.	5_2
Are We About to Face Rise in ECO-TERRORISM Once Covid-19 Pandemic is Over? development and radical environmentalists, with pipeline developer Energy Transfer having sued Greenpeace in 2017 over directing rogue eco-terrorist groups in a protest campaign that allegedly raised the cost of construction by $300 million.	5_2
Greta Thunberg Mocks John Kerry for Climate Change Comments. Swedish teenage climate change activist Greta Thunberg took to social media Sunday to hit U.S. climate envoy John Kerry over his comments regarding climate change, signally she is already none too impressed with the Biden administrations global warming policy.	0_0
Manchin Urges Democrats Pause $3.5 Trillion Spending Bill. President Joe Bidens $3.5 trillion spending bill has a tough road ahead now that moderate Sen. Joe Manchin (D-WV) has publicly called on his colleagues to put a strategic pause on the pricey bill before they plunge America further into record debt.	0_0
Biden Energy Secretary Suggests Climate Change Caused Florida Building Collapse. Joe Bidens Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm suggested that the Florida condo collapse could have been caused by climate change. When asked by CNNs Erica Hill if climate change played a role in the Surfside condo collapse, Granholm said we dont know fully but used the segment to discuss the perils of climate change.	0_0
Vandana Shiva on the taking down of Bill Gates' empires. Rockefeller, the World Bank, the USA all worked together, and if the farmers of India are protesting today, its a result of Rockefellers initiative, the Green Revolution in India.Most people dont realize what high cost India has borne; what high cost the state of Panjon has born.	0_0
"Green" energy components are almost all made in China, and many use minerals from dirty mining operations. ) The Biden regime was forced to admit the other day that its green energy initiatives are not going so well because most of the technology in this sector is made in communist China."	4_2
Report: Unsustainable Suburban America Contributes to Climate Change. The iconic American suburban neighborhoods that attract families looking for safe and prosperous areas have been targeted in recent years first from those who believe zoning is a racist tactic to keep certain people out of the neighborhoods.	0_0
"Oh My! Washington D.C. "Under Water" - They Really Think This'll Get us Onboard with Climate Change via High Impact Flix. Oh My!Washington D.C. Under Water They Really Think Thisll Get us Onboard with Climate Change via High Impact Flix.Hope everyone is having a great October."	5_2
The New Economics A Manifesto by Steve Keen. Book Review by Dirk Bezemer.Steve Keen did it again.This Manifesto is a lucid deconstruction of fallacies in neoclassical economics, a reflection on its puzzling persistence, a passionate plea for another kind of economics, and a demonstrationof the hands-on creation of that alternative in two areas, monetary economics and environmental economics.	0_0
Diesel And Petrol Cars Losing Ground In The EU. is one of the sectors most impacted by supply chain disruptions and global chip shortages cause by the coronavirus pandemic.However, as Statista's Florian Zandt notes, this hasn't stopped it from being under scrutiny for its role in climate change, whether due to the production process or the cars manufactured.	0_0
ITV: Why so generous?: Inside Italys scheme offering huge subsidies towards low-carbon eco-homes.Italys government is encouraging households to convert their living spaces into eco-homes by covering 110% of the cost Read here A worker operates at a construction site in Milan, Italy.Credit: AP.	4_2
Tony Blinken Admits: Some American Workers 'Will Be Hit Hard' by Biden's Climate Change Policy. Secretary of State Tony Blinken delivered an address on climate change at the Chesapeake Bay in Maryland on Monday in which he admitted that some American workers would be hit hard by the Biden administrations policies.	4_1
A Tightening Circle of Replacement Politics. It seems that the team wants both to wage 5 th generation war and to demand (and expect) cooperation from its adversaries, Alastair Crooke writes.	0_0
White House ZOOM Climate Call. The Duran: Episode 953.	0_0
Climate Change Hardliners Jennifer Lopez, Ben Affleck Vacation on $130 Million Carbon Spewing Super Yacht. Pop star Jennifer Lopez and actor Ben Affleck members of the celebrity elite whove spent years browbeating Americans about the peril the planet faces lest we curtail our carbon footprint are in the midsts of a glamorous vacation around the Mediterranean, living on a $130 million carbon-spewing super yacht.	5_2
Blue State Blues: Republicans Should Demand Border Wall in Any Infrastructure Deal. The Biden White House is celebrating the fact that a bipartisan infrastructure deal passed the first procedural hurdle in the Senate.	0_0
The Problem Is Evil: Of Cyberterrorism, Great Resets, and Political Prisoners. The present elite in the west is governed by a misanthropic principle, which views the exercise of power as something measured by the degree to which it can be exercised in the most painful way.	0_0
Climate scientist warns 'next 20-30 years will be cold'. Climate scientist Dr. Willie Soon has urged his fellow academics to pay closer attention to the sun's activity, which suggests several decades of global cooling rather than warming.	1_2
Prepare Now! Global Supply Chains At Risk. One of the ways the global cabal is attempting to implement The Great Reset and the Fourth Industrial Revolution is by putting global supply chains at risk to bring the economy to its knees.I warned about this looming threat in my article The narrative being sold to the public goes like this.	0_0
Israel needs to take a bigger step for the environment - editorial. We set significant goals, we met our international commitment on time and, most importantly, we mobilized the entire government, Environmental Protection Minister Tamar Zandberg said.	0_0
Freak Brazilian cold snap damages coffee crops, prices expected to climb. ) A serious cold snap has hit Brazils coffee belt, pushing temperatures below freezing in a matter of mere minutes, seriously jeopardizing next years crops and damaging countless coffee trees .	1_3
The Only Way to Stop Global Warming. How was slavery ended in the United States?It became illegal for anyone to own slaves and the way that this was done is that it became illegal for anyone to buy a slave.The same needs to be done now in order to avoid runaway global heat-up.	0_0
Climate Scientist Warns Next 20-30 Years Will Be Cold. Climate scientist Dr. Willie Soon has urged his fellow academics to pay closer attention to the suns activity, which suggests several decades of global cooling rather than warming.	1_2
America's billion-dollar gas game: Nord Stream 2 threatens US energy exports to Europe. No wonder Washington wanted to block it The US and Germany came to a historic agreement last week over the controversial Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline, as a compromise between the hawks who have sought to sink the project and those who want to do business with Russia.	0_0
Study: Hurricanes Are Not More Frequent or Stronger Due to Climate Change. 3DSculptor/iStock/Getty Images Plus A study published in the scientific journal Nature Communications has concluded that a recent uptick in the number of named hurricanes in the Atlantic Ocean is not due to so-called climate change.	1_7
Massive DNA 'Borg' structures perplex scientists. The Borg have landed or, at least, researchers have discovered their counterparts here on Earth.	0_0
Summer's getting longer, winter storms more intense in Israel - study. Summer is getting longer and storms in the winter are getting more intense in Israel, as temperatures rise as a result of climate change , according to a new study by scientists from the Hebrew University, Open University and Tel Aviv University published in the journal Climatic Change this week.	0_0
"US Dep. Sec. of State to visit Beijing next week, discuss North Korea. While North Korea has not reported any coronavirus cases, leader Kim Jong Un said the food situation was "tense," citing the pandemic that led to North Korea closing its border with China, disrupting trade, and a typhoon last year that damaged crops."	0_0
"Critical rail lines across Europe closing for "months" following biblical flooding. ) Large swaths of Western Europe have been left decimated following torrential rains that flooded towns and cities across Germany, Belgium and the Netherlands over the past several days."	0_0
15,000-year-old viruses discovered in Tibetan glacier ice. could help scientists understand how viruses have evolved over centuries.For this study, the scientists also created a new, ultra-clean method of analyzing microbes and viruses in ice without contaminating it.	0_0
Nolte: 66% of Democrats Are Anti-Science Mask Nazis. Those who require more proof that Democrats have zero respect for science and math need only look at the latest polling from Rasmussen.A full 66 percent of these lunatics believe the vaccinated should be REQUIRED to wear a mask in public.	0_0
MORE CROP FAILURES: Brazils corn crops compromised by frost in second bout of unusually cold temperatures this year. ) Brazils corn market cant seem to catch a break as yet another cold wave has swept the countrys center-south area, subjecting the crops to more unexpected frost and prompting serious doubts about export volumes.	1_3
PG&E could face criminal charges over deadly California fire. Pacific Gas & Electric will face criminal charges because its equipment sparked a wildfire last year that killed four people and destroyed hundreds of homes, a Northern California prosecutor announced Thursday.	0_0
Republican Gubernatorial Candidate John Cox: Gavin Newsom Failing on Cost of Living, Crime, Homelessness. John Cox, a Republican gubernatorial candidate in California, said Gov.Gavin Newsom (D-CA) is the worst governor in the country, highlighting the Golden States rising costs of living, increasing rates of crime, and growing numbers of homeless persons.	0_0
White House to Set Goal of 50% Electric Vehicles Sales by 2030. The US President Joe Biden later in the day will sign an executive order setting a new goal of reaching at least 50 percent of electric vehicles sales share by 2030, the White House said on Thursday.	0_0
The Great Reset: The Global Elite's Plan to Radically Remake Our Economic and Social Lives. The Great Reset is upon usor at least the powers that be are trying to bring it out.What was once a fringe conspiracy theory is now on display plain as day for everyone to see.	0_0
A Panicked Gavin Newsom Attacks Larry Elder, Leading Contender in California Recall. Califorina Gov.Gavin Newsom attacked conservative radio talk show host Larry Elder on Thursday during a Zoom call with campaign volunteers, targeting the candidate who is the leading contender to replace Newsom in many polls.	0_0
Emerging secrets of the Alps algae causing strange red snow. It is a shocking, garish sight to come across on a peaceful mountainside.Hike high enough in the French alps during the late spring and early summer, and there is a good chance that you will come across some rather strange patches of snow among the grey limestone and stunted clumps of vegetation.This snow isn't white - it's blood red.	0_0
Bokhari: Billionaire Space Travel the Final Frontier of Climate Hypocrisy. tweeted Tulsi Gabbard in response to the launch of Blue Origins rocket, carrying the Amazon founder and other passengers into space earlier today.The billionaire space race is accelerating, with Bezos trip to space coming in the same month as Virgin Galactic founder Richard Bransons.	0_0
...GOP Cant Trust 2-Bill Infrastructure Plan: Let Your Yes Be Yes and Let Your No Be No. Pences comments came in a wide-ranging interview Friday evening about the Biden agenda and the upcoming midterm elections at the Family Leadership Summit after he gave remarks to a crowd of about a thousand Christian conservatives in downtown Des Moines, Iowa.	0_0
Hundreds dead and thousands homeless as flooding ravages Western Europe. ) Rescue crews are working around the clock to try to find survivors of extensive floods that have been causing devastation across Western Europe.The death toll so far exceeds 150 people, and rescuers believe that figure will climb as more bodies are discovered.	0_0
Ben-Gurion University establishes center for food security. Guests included H.E Mariam Almheiri, Emirati State for Food & Water Security Minister, H.E Mohamed Al Khaja, UAE Ambassador to Israel, and Dr. Michael Mirilashvili, President and CEO of Watergen and Vertical Field, who is supporting the center named after his father.	0_0
"Global Governance a silent coup d'etat! How corporations take over national governments. 26.07.2021 Kla.TV recently reported what is expanding behind the scenes of Corona.Under the title The Imminent Deprivation of Liberty" well-known U.S. politician, physician and author Ron Paul exposes the influence of multi-stakeholder bodies, where by national governments no longer play a governing role."	0_0
Industrialization Is the Antidote to Global Poverty. Moreover, although GDP growth can signal government increases in the money supply rather than true increases in production , poverty reduction has tightly tracked GDP per capita growth in the developing world.	0_0
Killer floods in Europe give the world a glimpse of chaotic future. ) Nearly 200 people had been confirmed dead with more than 700 still missing Monday, July 19, after Authorities and victims said numerous areas were caught unprepared when normally calm streams turned into torrents that swept away cars, houses and bridges and everything else in their paths.It went so fast.	0_0
CoJiT: the 'anti-extremism' think tank started by sons of Israeli superspy Robert Maxwell. at King's College, London, suggests that something else might be afoot.Espionage: a family affair CoJiT was started by Ian and Kevin Maxwell, sons of disgraced media tycoon Robert, former owner of The Daily Mirror newspaper.Ian is still a director of the think tank, although Kevin's name is now nowhere to be found on its website.	0_0
U.N. Report: Urgent Measures, Money Needed To Fight Climate Change. The left-wing United Nations (UN) has issued a report warning countries around the world that time is running out to fight climate change, including reducing greenhouse gas emissions and donating money to the globalist organization.	5_2
...Its Official: Keystone XL Pipeline Project Terminated. TC Energy, the Canadian company that launched the Keystone XL pipeline, formally terminated the project Wednesday, more than four months after President Joe Biden canceled its permit on his first day in office.	0_0
In Viral Video, Dutch Politician Warns of Tyrannical, COVID-1984-enabled Globalism. Rumble.Thanks to the reaction to COVID-19, the machinery for tyranny is more firmly in place.	0_0
Facebook Censors John Stossel for Questioning Climate-emergency Narrative. Gage Skidmore/Wikimedia Commons.The Silicon Valley Thought Police are still hard at work making sure that you dont have to hear voices that stray even slightly from the official left-wing orthodoxy.	5_2
A Peoples Vaccine Against a Mutating Virus and Neoliberal Rule. By Nicolas J.S.DAVIES.A recent Yahoo News/YouGov poll found that worries about the COVID pandemic in the United States are at their lowest level since it began.	0_0
Obama: White Americans Need to Reconcile With Their Terrible History. From Former President Barack Obama said Monday during an interview with CNNs Anderson Cooper that certain right-wing media venues were monetizing, stoking fears of white Americans.Cooper said, Looking back as president, did you tell the story of race in America enough do you think? Obama said, Yeah, well, look, I tried.	0_0
So Fauci Was WRONG About WuFluAnd About Trumps China Travel Ban, And AIDS. WHY? Earlier: I wrote recently about the extraordinary collapse of the elite-enforced Narrative that Covid-19 could not possibly h ave originated in a Chinese laboratory.I pointed out that this had been preceded by the apparently less-mentionable Narrative Collapse on the question of whether the disease has a differential racial incidence ( it does ).	0_0
"Patrick J. Buchanan: What Is America's Cause in the World? Earlier by Patrick J. Buchanan: BidenNo New Cold Wars or Democracy Crusades "Take away this pudding; it has no theme," is a comment to Winston Churchill , when a disappointing dessert was put in front of him.Writers have used Churchill's remark to describe a foreign policy that lacks coherence or centrality of purpose."	0_0
"Guess what American voters care about most, and want DC to act on (Survey)? Guess what issue American voters care about the most and what action they demand from their elected officials in Washington?If you said forever wars, Russian hackers, and China's human rights, you failed.Instead, "protecting jobs for American workers" is on top-of-mind for voters."	0_0
Maine Lawmakers Move to Divest State Pensions from Fossil Fuels. Environmentalists are praising lawmakers in Maine for passing legislation to divest the states pension investment and other funds from fossil fuel companies.	0_0
Dem Doubles Down on Lobbying for Climate Change Carveouts in Bidens Infrastructure. Breitbart News reported exclusively that Malinowski, a swing district Democrat, said during a June 4 virtual townhall that the infrastructure plan focuses more on combatting climate change than building physical infrastructure.	0_0
Build Back Better! ...Greener, Fairer Foundations. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson has again parroted Joe Bidens build back better slogan ahead of the G7 Summit, saying the world must rebuild post-pandemic based on greener and fairer foundations.	0_0
Boris Calls Talk with Biden Breath of Fresh Air, Touts NATO, Climate Change Agenda. British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said that his first face-to-face talk with U.S. President Joe Biden was a breath of fresh air, gushing over joint plans regarding climate change and NATO.	0_0
Kamalas New Era Mexico Trip was an Anti-Trump Coup Clean-up Job. And these economic problems at the Root Causes themselves are not acts of nature nor of God, but calculated cycles intended to produce certain outcomes.Corporate media continues to misinform the public that specific economic realities are too complex to be projected and controlled for specific outcomes by conscious actors on the global stage.	0_0
Uttarakhand flood was caused by rare rock and glacier avalanche. The 2021 flood in Uttarakhand, India, that resulted in over 200 dead and missing was the result of an avalanche that dropped about 27 million square metres of rock and glacier ice from the nearby Ronti mountain.	0_0
Tucker: Biden Admin Immigration Policy Most Radical Possible Attack on Democracy. CARLSON: Joe Biden may have lost a step along the way, but his handlers work fast.	0_0
Senate Finance Chair Wyden: Bipartisan Infrastructure Proposal a Nonstarter Due to Lack of Tax Hikes, Climate Provisions, W.H.	0_0
Switzerland To Monitor Potential Terrorists As Young as 12. Switzerland has voted to increase state powers to monitor potential terrorists, which will allow police to watch over children as young as twelve for signs of potential terrorist activity.	0_0
Patrick J. Buchanan: All Is Hype for the Biden-Putin Summit. Earlier by Patrick J. Buchanan: Why Biden's Russia Bluster?Do We Not Have Enough Enemies?History repeats itself, first as tragedy, then as farce.	0_0
Bidens Broken Promises Spell Hard Times Ahead. By Eve OTTENBERG.First it was the minimum wage.Then student loans.	0_0
Targeting Russia and China Instead of the Real Enemy Capitalist Inequality. Capitalism and its inequality is the number one enemy of todays world.That is the objective and empirical reality that is staring the world in the face, Finian Cunningham writes.	0_0
Update: Globalist 7 Promise Green Revolution. Ludovic Marin, Jack Hill, Leon Neal, Sandra Steins/Bundesregierung via Getty Images.	0_0
Biden and G-7 leaders conclude summit with host of promises on vaccines, China, and climate change. President Joe Biden and foreign leaders involved in this weekend's G-7 summit in Cornwall, England, concluded their meeting and announced a host of promises on vaccines, carbon emissions, and China on Sunday.	0_0
Senate Democrats Increasingly Skeptical About Joe Biden's Infrastructure Proposal. President Joe Biden faces continuing resistance from Senate Democrats over his infrastructure, despite only needing 50 Senate Democrats to pass his gargantuan legislation.	0_0
Democrats Design Fallback $6 Trillion Infrastructure Plan Without GOP. Senate Democrats and Socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) are designing a $6 trillion fallback infrastructure plan for reconciliation if the $1.2 trillion bipartisan plan fails.	0_0
Tim Scott Demands Democrats Stop Playing Political Games with Infrastructure Negotiations Sen. Tim Scott (R-SC) demanded Wednesday the Democrats stop playing political games with infrastructure negotiations, which could result in legislation being resolved by reconciliation.Our nations infrastructure isnt something to play politics with.	0_0
"'Ferocious' storm destroys large patches of forest in central Victoria, Australia. A week after ferocious winds damaged swathes of forest in central Victoria some locals are saying it is the worst storm damage they have ever experienced.Resident Lily Langham said in the 35 years she had lived near Daylesford she had never seen anything like it."It looked like a logging coup," she said."	0_0
The Decline of Western Power. By Craig MURRAY.Boris Johnson sees himself as the heritor of a world bestriding Imperial mantle, but in truth he cannot bestride the Irish Sea.	0_0
Over 3 million people displaced due to man-made conflicts in 2020, largely due to US wars abroad - UN. AP Photo/Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi In this Saturday, March 23, 2019 file photo, displaced families arrive after being rescued by boat from a flooded area of Buzi district, 200 kilometers (120 miles) outside Beira, Mozambique.	0_0
Pope Francis: Let Us Open Our Heart to Refugees. Let us open our heart to refugees; let us make their sorrows and their joys our own; let us learn courageous resilience from them! the pope urged the crowds gathered in Saint Peters Square for his weekly Angelus message and blessing.And in this way, all together, we will make a more human community grow, one big family, the pontiff added.	0_0
Head of Independent Sage to launch international climate change group. The Climate Crisis Advisory Group, comprising 14 experts from 10 nations and every continent, aims to have more of an international reach and provide the global public with regular analysis about efforts to tackle the global heating and biodiversity crises.	0_0
Second Cold War? Merkel Successor Says Germany Should Not Try to Contain Communist China. The leader of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) and the likely successor to Chancellor Angela Merkel said that Germany should refrain from trying to contain the rise of Communist China for fear of sparking a second Cold War.	0_0
NATOs Post-Summit Mission: Build Global Alliance Against China, Russia. , answering several questions.His comments consisted of a summary of the results of the summit , which was a mere formality (All leaders agreed that...Europe and North America must stand strong together in NATO), an abbreviated recapitulation of the summits lengthy communique.	0_0
Minister Evokes Bidens Build Back Better as She Announces Cut Price of Legal Gender Change to 5. Equalities Minister Liz Truss evoked Boris Johnsons and Joe Bidens globalist-progressive Build Back Better slogan when she announced the cost for trans people to legally change gender would be cut from 140 ($195) to just 5 ($7).	0_0
Washingtons Green Branches in Europe. The German Green Party has a chance to join a ruling coalition in Septembers election, after turning its back on its roots, to root for Washington.By Diana JOHNSTONE.	0_0
Jumping worms are wreaking havoc in 15 US states. ) Jumping worms are wreaking havoc in the ecosystems and garden soils of at least 15 U.S. states.Also known as crazy worms, Alabama jumpers and snake worms, they violently thrash when handled and shed their own tails to escape when put under duress.Mature jumping worms are between four and five inches long.	0_0
Corona Task Force Insider Reveals: Fauci and Birx Knew NOTHING About COVID. AP Images Drs.Anthony Fauci and Deborah Birx.Hes not Atlas holding up the world.	0_0
Vogue Suggests Having a Child Is Pure Environmental Vandalism. Is it possible to live an ecologically responsible life while adding yet another person to our overstretched planet?	0_0
Hayward: Bidens Foreign Policy Abandons America First for America Is an Idea. The two key lines were America is an idea and Bidens assertion that white supremacy is the most lethal terrorist threat to our homeland today. America is an idea, the most unique idea in history.We are created, all of us, equal.It is who we are.	0_0
Fierce hail storms batter Texas, Oklahoma: 'Billion-dollar' damage likely from 'gargantuan' hail. Residents in Texas and Oklahoma were recovering Thursday after hail as large as softballs battered portions of the states a day earlier, leaving behind shattered windows on cars and in homes.In Oklahoma, at least one injury was reported when large hail hit Norman and surrounding areas Wednesday evening, officials said.	0_0
"Actual climate observations disagree with "official" climate models, warns former NASA scientist. ) Climate models, upon which the Biden administrations climate policies and green economic plans are based, do not reflect actual observations made by climate scientists in recent decades.President Joe Biden identified climate change as one of his top priorities when he took office."	5_1
Oregon leftists want to BAN all raising of livestock. ) Legislators in Oregon have introduced a new legislative bill that would make it a crime for residents to raise livestock animals like cows and pigs for food.IP13 would reclassify all animal husbandry practices as sexual assault, specifying that animals could only be eaten in Oregon if they died of natural causes.	0_0
Americans are most worried about water pollution, survey reveals. ) Of the six environmental issues facing the United States today, a majority of Americans are most worried about those that impact water quality , according to an annual environmental survey.	0_0
Kamala Harris: Latin America Needs Climate Adaption to End Border Crisis. Vice President Kamala Harris promised Central American countries to work with them to battle climate change in a speech on Tuesday, in the hopes of slowing the migrant crisis.	0_0
As Bill and Melinda Gates Split Up, Its Time to Divorce Microsoft Billionaire From Calling COVID Shots for Us. By Tony Cox, a US journalist who has written or edited for Bloomberg and several major daily newspapers.Bill Gates isnt a doctor, he wasnt elected to anything, and now we know he cant keep his own house in order, either.So can we quit pretending that hes the oracle on Covid-19 vaccines or how to run the world?	0_0
The Fed Embraces Its Inner Zimbabwean. May is on its way, and the old investment saw, Sell in May and go away, will be tested once again.Jared Blikre, writing for Yahoo Finance , provides the history behind what may or may not be good advice.The full axiom was originally, Sell in May and go away, and come on back on St. Legers Day, he explains.	0_0
FM: Hungary and Finland expanded their economy while curbing greenhouse gas emissions. Following talks in Helsinki with his Finnish counterpart Pekka Haavisto, Peter Szijjarto, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade, said Hungary and Finland are among the few countries which expanded their economy while curbing greenhouse gas emissions.	0_0
Americans Must Dramatically Reduce Meat & Dairy Intake to Meet Biden Climate Goals. beats3/iStock/Getty Images Plus.The climate-alarmist war against meat continues.	5_2
Full Text: President Joe Bidens Address to Congress. Madame Speaker.Madame Vice President.No president has ever said those words from this podium, and its about time.	0_0
Possible 'Treason:' GOP Lawmaker Urges Biden to Revoke Kerry's Security Clearance. Rep. Andy Biggs (R-AZ) urged President Joe Biden Tuesday to rescind the security clearance granted to Obama-era Secretary of State John Kerry, who now sits on the National Security Council as the special envoy on climate change.	0_0
Toward A New Era of Nation-States, Part II: Fifty Years of Turbocharged Globalization. 4,975 words.Authors note: The following essay is the second part of a series of articles on developing an ideological framework for modern nationalism.The first essay, The Promise and Reality of Globalization, is available here .	0_0
Kamala Still MIA at Border As Crisis Grows... ...Meet w/ Mex Prez About Tree-Planting!.... President Joe Biden announced weeks ago that Vice President Kamala Harris would oversee the chaotic surge of thousands of migrants into the United States, but she has yet to tour the U.S. border with Mexico.	0_0
Watch: 11 Woke Rants at the Oscars. The 93rd Academy Awards, slated for Sunday, is likely to be no exception.TV ratings for the telecast have hit history lows .	0_0
Chomsky: Trump is Undermining Our Survival. In 2010, before Trump announced his run for presidency, Chomsky warned in an interview, that the growing disillusionment, the justified anger and the absence of any coherent response would pave the way for a charismatic figure to claim they have the answers and fill the void.	0_0
"President Ader addresses NATO summit. President Janos Ader has addressed an online meeting of the heads of state of the "Bucharest Nine (B9)", a group of the easternmost members of NATO."	0_0
About 170 endangered seals found dead on Russia's Caspian coast. At least 170 endangered seals have washed up dead over the course of several days on the shores of the Caspian Sea in Russia's republic of Dagestan, according to researchers.	0_0
'Moder trer' er intelligente: De lrer og husker. Finding the Mother Tree: Discovering the Wisdom of the Forest, was released by Knopf this week.In it, she argues that forests are not collections of isolated organisms but webs of constantly evolving relationships.Humans have been unraveling these webs for years, she says, through destructive practices such as clear-cutting and fire suppression.	0_0
England is on for its coldest May since record-keeping began back in 1659 (during the Maunder Minimum). Following its coldest APRIL since 1922, England is now on for its coldest MAY since record-keeping began some 362 years ago -since the Maunder Minimum (1645-1715)!Back in 1659, England was still processing the death of Richard Cromwell, who, after the execution of King Charles I, had ruled the Commonwealth of England for 5 years.	1_3
Free Speech Is in Danger Today in America, As Biden Becomes First President to Omit God from National Day of Prayer Proclamation. kieferpix/iStock/Getty Images Plus.President Joe Biden, who identifies as a devout Catholic, issued on Wednesday the annual proclamation of a National Day of Prayer, without mentioning any deity.	0_0
'Mother Trees' are intelligent: They learn and remember. Finding the Mother Tree: Discovering the Wisdom of the Forest, was released by Knopf this week.In it, she argues that forests are not collections of isolated organisms but webs of constantly evolving relationships.Humans have been unraveling these webs for years, she says, through destructive practices such as clear-cutting and fire suppression.	0_0
San Diego Bishop Urges Holy Communion Not Be Denied to Joe Biden. for America magazine, by those who insist that Catholic political leaders who actively promote abortion should not be allowed to receive Communion.	0_0
Is ocean acidification another climate change HOAX? Scientists blow the whistle on massive, coordinated data manipulation and FRAUD. ) The last refuge of the climate scoundrels, to quote a friend of Australian physicist Dr. Peter Ridd, is ocean acidification, a global warming conspiracy theory that appears to be the latest hoax of the climate change cult.	5_2
UK climate activist Gail Bradbrook arrested after attacks on HSBC and Barclays. British climate activist Gail Bradbrook, co-founder of the Extinction Rebellion group, was arrested at home on Tuesday for conspiracy to cause criminal damage and fraud after her group attacked banks such as HSBC and Barclays.	0_0
Mathematicians find core mechanism to calculate tipping points. Climate change, a pandemic or the coordinated activity of neurons in the brain: In all of these examples, a transition takes place at a certain point from the base state to a new state.Researchers at the Technical University of Munich (TUM) have discovered a universal mathematical structure at these so-called tipping points.	0_0
America's Corporate Thought Police. tech platforms are destroying Americans control over their lives ... by manipulating what news Americans can see and influencing the political decisions they make.By 2019, Facebook was boasting it could change election outcomes....In the days leading up to the 2020 presidential vote, Facebook and Twitter seemed determined to try.	0_0
Biden Energy Policies Increase American Reliance on Russian Oil Exports. Evgenii Mitroshin/iStock/Getty Images Plus.President Joe Biden has been great for Russian oil and gas producers, and for Russian President Vladimir Putin, whose countrys energy dominance and political dominance go hand in hand.	0_0
Tucker Ties Scientists Advising Google on COVID-19 to Human Engineering Shock Vid: NYU Prof Proposes Biological Agents to Cause Red Meat Intolerance. CARLSON: A few days ago, The Wall Street Journal had a really interesting event you may have missed.It was called the Tech Health Conference.During that event, one reporter had a question for the head of Googles Health Division, a man called David Feinberg.	0_0
Progressive Groups: Climate Trumps Human Rights; Biden & Congress Must Soften on Chinese Abuses. Graphic: gopixa/iStock/Getty Images Plus.	0_0
Population Control Charity Awards Meghan and Harry for Enlightened Decision to Have Only Two Children. Meghan Markle and her husband Prince Harry have been presented with a special award from a pro-population control charity for their commitment to only have two children.	0_0
Hayward: China Boasts of Economic Might While Exploiting Developing Nation Status. China, however, still presents itself as a developing nation to international economic forums like the World Trade Organization (WTO) and enjoys concrete benefits by claiming that status.	0_0
Hurt: Dems Feast on Human Misery by Exploiting Florida Condo Collapse. #MeToo.Black Lives Matter.Global warming ... er, climate change (whatever!).	0_0
Arnold Schwarzenegger Panics: Nonstop Climate Alarmism Has Left People Confused or Tuned Out. Endless forecasts of impending climate peril built on floods, fires, droughts, pestilience, and rising sea levels as favored by climate action heroes are wearing the public out, former California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger warned Thursday.	5_2
Oriental Despotism Versus Freedom: Which 4IR? There is no running from the 4 th Industrial Revolution, but the IMFs version of it can be stopped, Joaquin Flores writes.	0_0
Tucker: Biden Infrastructure Proposal Seeks to End Suburbs. CARLSON: In early 2009, more than 12 years ago, the Obama administration made a surprisingly probably unprecedented accusation against Westchester County, New York, a pretty liberal place.	0_0
Delingpole: You Plebs Need a Meat Tax, Claims Millionaire Old Etonian Food Czar Dimbleby. Great.Just what we all need.A multi-millionaire Old Etonian child of privilege, scion of that quintessentially Establishment BBC dynasty the Dimblebys, lecturing us that our meat needs to be made more expensive because... reasons.	0_0
Why the Technocratic Mindset Produces Only Misery and Failure. Saw this article come across , come across my news alert for Transhumanism.In it Dr. David Eagleman talks about how not only can we augment human senses with fantastic new abilities (like to see heat and electromagnetic patterns), but how well even be able to build machines that think too.	0_0
US & Russia agree to team up in fight against climate change as stepping stone to improved relations. Russia and the US have agreed to work together in the fight against climate change, with both nations believing cooperation in this sphere could lead to reduced tensions between Washington and Moscow in the future.	0_0
Solar development could negatively affect desert plants and animals, experts warn. ) President Joe Biden has made mitigating climate change one of the top priorities of his administration.That meant focusing on meeting pollution reduction goals and greenlighting massive solar development projects.In fact, the president approved one such project , called the Crimson Solar Project, last month.	4_1
CA Drought: Farmers Shaking Almonds off Trees to Save Orchards. Farmers struggling in the California drought are shaking almonds off their trees to save the trees themselves, according to Victor Davis Hanson, a farmer and conservative commentator.	0_0
Asia's richest fossil fuel billionaire unveils $10B plan to go green. ) Indian tycoon and Asias richest man Mukesh Ambani unveiled an ambitious Reliance Industries Ltd., the oil- and refining-heavy conglomerate that he controls, plans to spend $8 billion on four giga factories to make solar modules, hydrogen, fuel cells and to build a battery grid to store electricity.	0_0
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson: Democrats Use Bullsh*t Climate Change to Create Fear and Gain Control. Sen. Ron Johnson (R-WI) believes Democrats use climate change, which he associated with the word bullshit, and the Chinese coronavirus to create a state of fear and gain control, reportedly making the remarks during a GOP luncheon over the summer.	5_2
Narco-Terror Bank HSBC: Pushing Decarbonization While Financing Chinas Coal Expansion. Graphic: Olivier Le Moal/iStock/Getty Images Plus.Noel Quinn, CEO of banking behemoth HSBC, is one of the latest corporate titans to flog the climate emergency narrative and promote the World Economic Forums global plan for the Great Reset, a total transformation of our entire planetary society.	5_2
President Ader addresses UN on climate, health and water crises. In his address at a UN online conference focusing on sustainability in a post-COVID 19 world, President Janos Ader said crises related to water, global warming and changes in public health conditions are following one another increasingly fast.	0_0
Pope Francis Meets U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken in Vatican. ROME Pope Francis granted U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken a 40-minute private audience Monday in which the pontiff expressed his affection for the American people.	0_0
Insurgency!?! Leftists Siege Biden White House, Blocking All Entrances Demand Climate Infrastructure Priorities. A group of activists, flanked by noteworthy Democrat politicians, protested outside of the White House on Monday, demanding the Biden administration adopt an infrastructure plan that prioritizes climate change and blocking every entrance to the White House as part of their demand for action.	0_0
Bernie on Infrastructure: No Reconciliation Bill, No Deal.... Bernie Sanders Warns Biden on Infrastructure: No Reconciliation Bill, No Deal Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) warned President Joe Biden that he will not throw his support behind a bipartisan infrastructure bill which excludes a reconciliation provision.	0_0
Senate Democrats Plan Nearly $4 Trillion Reconciliation Package as Far-Left Condemns Bipartisan Infrastructure Deal. Sen. Tim Kaine (D-VA) said Monday Democrats are planning a nearly $4 trillion reconciliation package as the far-left voices opposition to a bipartisan infrastructure deal.A CNN reporter tweeted Democrats are trying to come to an agreement among themselves by July work period with a proposal of nearly $4 trillion.	0_0
Mysterious disease hits hundreds of birds in US mid-Atlantic area. ) A mysterious disease has affected at least 325 birds in the mid-Atlantic region.Wildlife experts in four states Washington, D.C., Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia have been left baffled as a result.	0_0
China Foreign Vice-Minister Says US Must Accept Its Hegemony Is Waning. In the latest exchange of diplomatic barbs between the worlds two superpowers, on Friday Chinas foreign vice-minister Le Yucheng called on Washington to accept that American hegemony is in decline, but insisted it will be difficult to overtake the United States even within a relatively long period of time.	0_0
Cry-babies in search of meaning. It used to be the family, but nowadays young people delay having a family or do not want to have one at all.It used to be the struggle for mere survival, but nowadays the affluent state takes good care of anybody, so you do not need to work at all.	0_0
Here's What's Coming Next. by his globalist pals, Pandemic II is just around the corner.No, the biosecurity paradigm will be with us for a good while yet, I'm afraid.But having said that, there is another hobgoblin that will soon eclipse the deadly COVID monster in the imagination of the populace.	0_0
'Moon wobble' cycle & sea level rise will cause surge in coastal flooding starting in 2030s, NASA claims. the new study shows that high tides will exceed known flooding thresholds around the country more often.What's more, the floods will sometimes occur in clusters lasting a month or longer , depending on the positions of the Moon, Earth, and the Sun.	0_0
Fit for 55 EU Green Deal and the Industrial Collapse of Europe. One of the rare honest statements by Bill Gates was his remark in early 2021 that if you think covid measures are bad, wait until the measures for global warming.	4_1
Scientists stunned by rare Arctic lightning storms north of Alaska. Meteorologists were stunned this week when three successive thunderstorms swept across the icy Arctic from Siberia to north of Alaska, unleashing lightning bolts in an unusual phenomenon that scientists say will become less rare with global warming.	0_0
Trump Voters After Trump. Whats next for 74 million of the former presidents supporters?By Andrew J. BACEVICH.In the grand narrative of the American presidency, the Age of Trump will prove to be little more than a momentary distraction, the equivalent of taking the wrong exit off an interstate highway.	0_0
Pope Francis Calls for Solutions to 'Migration and Climate Change Crises. ROME Pope Francis has urged the nations of the world to work to find common solutions to the most urgent problems facing humanitynotably, migration and climate change.	0_0
...Laments Island Peoples Extreme Exposure to Climate Change. ROME Pope Francis on Friday decried the injustices people living on islands face, underscoring at a conference their disproportionate exposure to the effects of climate change.	0_0
CFR: Still the Power Behind the Throne. 2021 is a big year for the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR), an organization that often is heralded as the most influential think tank in America, if not the entire world.	0_0
Geothermal heat, internal climate responsible for Antarctica ice melting not man-made climate change. ) Climate change alarmists love to point to ice melting in Antarctica as proof that humans are destroying the planet, but research shows that this may not have the link to man-made climate change that they would like to have us believe.	2_1
New York Times Highlights Paradigm Shift of Declining Global Fertility Rates. The New York Times has published a lengthy article revealing how the world is undergoing a paradigm shift of rapidly declining fertility rates, but fails to mention the possibility that environmental pollutants such as plastic chemicals are playing any role in the decline.	0_0
Nolte: Gretchen Whitmer's Another Democrat Who Doesn't Believe in Her Own Coronavirus Rules. If you wanted to know what I truly believed about the effectiveness of masks and social distancing, all you had to do was watch me.Thats all you had to do watch me.If you watched me, you would have seen that prior to being fully vaccinated, I never once deliberately violated social distancing rules.	0_0
Mental Health and Climate Change Are Linked, Most Pressing Issues, Claims Harry. Prince Harry has claimed that mental health and alleged manmade climate change are linked and that both are the most important issues in the world.The Duke of Sussex made the remarks during an episode of the Apple TV series The Me You Cant See, released on Friday.	0_0
Open Lawfare: Report Warns Companies, Nations Face Onslaught of Climate Litigation. Companies operating in rich, successful capitalist economies including Britain, Australia, Germany, France, Japan, Canada and especially the U.S. must prepare for an onslaught of activist-driven climate litigation, a report released Friday warns.	0_0
Open Lawfare: Report Warns Corporations, Rich Economies Face Onslaught of Climate Litigation. Companies operating in rich, successful capitalist economies including Britain, Australia, Germany, France, Japan, Canada and especially the U.S. must prepare for an onslaught of activist-driven climate litigation, a report released Friday warns.	0_0
New Poll: Americans Arent Willing to Pay for the Green New DealAnd Its Not Even Close | Brad Polumbo. Source: fee.org Americans largely agree that climate change and pollution are real problems.	0_0
Pat Toomey Grills Wall Street over De-Banking Fossil Fuel Companies. Sen. Pat Toomey (R-PA) grilled Citibank Wednesday and other Wall Street firms over if they made commitments to not provide financing for fossil fuel companies such as coal and natural gas.Toomey, the ranking member of the Senate Banking Committee, spoke during a hearing on the Annual Oversight of Wall Street Firms.	0_0
More than 2.9 Billion People to be Without Water in the Next 10 Years. The ways we need water and the way the environment provides water are increasingly not matching up, because things like climate change make it less and less predictable.	0_0
"'Mind-boggling for May': Extreme temps continues to hit Russia hard as country records 30 degrees Celsius inside Arctic Circle. A Twitter post from a British meteorologist has gone viral after he detected "mind-boggling" temperatures within the Arctic Circle in Russia, where the thermometer last week hit 30C, hotter than almost everywhere else in Europe."	0_0
EU Has a New Crisis. A Frenchman Called Michel Barnier Who Has Held It to Hostage. It might well be Michel Bernier who emerges as a veiled presidential anti-EU runner in Frances presidential elections in 2022.Curiously, it might well be Michel Bernier who emerges as a veiled presidential anti-EU runner in Frances presidential elections in 2022 as his latest whacky idea could be the demise of the entire project.	0_0
Swedish Court: Tax Applies to Biodegradable, Reusable Bags that Look Like Plastic Bags. A Swedish court has ruled that a non-plastic, biodegradable, reusable bag will still be subject to a tax on plastic bags because it looks too much like real plastic.The plastic-free carrier was invented by the Swedish company Gaia, based in Helsingborg, and is made of a patented biodegradable material called Biodolomer .	0_0
John Kerry: Pope Francis Is Compelling Moral Authority on Climate Crisis. ROME U.S. climate czar John Kerry met with Pope Francis in the Vatican this weekend in preparation for the upcoming U.N. climate conference in Glasgow.The pope is one of the great voices of reason and compelling moral authority on the subject of the climate crisis, Kerry told Vatican News.Hes been ahead of the curve.	0_0
WSJ: Facebook Fact-Checkers No Better than Trolls. Facebooks fact checkers are no better than trolls who pan political adversaries books on Amazon without bothering to read them, writes physicist Steven E. Koonin in a stinging op-ed in Mondays Wall Street Journal.	0_0
Elephants are dying in droves in Botswana and scientists don't know why. Die-offs of African elephants have once again erupted in Botswana.In just the first three months of 2021, 39 have succumbed.The mysterious deaths occurred in the Moremi Game Reserve, in the northern part of the country, nearly 100 kilometers from a region of the Okavango Delta, where about 350 African elephants died during May and June in 2020.	0_0
New study says we all must wear mask to prevent global warming. U.S. A new study from very credible scientists has revealed that science wants everyone to continue to wear masks for the foreseeable future.This is due to brand new evidence from real science that masks actually prevent global warming.	0_0
PM Orban: Cost of climate change fight should be borne by biggest polluting companies. Prime Minister Viktor Orban said the costs of the fight against climate change should be borne by the worlds biggest polluting companies.Ahead of a two-day summit of European Union leaders in Brussels, the prime minister said Hungary does not accept the position that individuals and families should bear the costs of climate action.	0_0
PM Orban: Hungary is months ahead of other EU member states in terms of inoculation rate. Speaking after a two-day European Union summit in Brussels, Prime Minister Viktor Orban said the meeting focused on vaccination, migration and climate change.In regards to vaccination, PM Orban said that Hungary was months ahead of other EU member states in terms of its inoculation rate.	0_0
Biden Infrastructure Plan Would Implement Great Reset. Joe Biden on a train at Union Station in Washington, DC / AP Images.	0_0
Ivy League Professors Pushing Biden Admin for Climate Visas for Central Americans. Harvard and Yale University professors are advising President Biden to create a climate visa and pursue other policies to help Central Americans deal with purported fallout from climate change.	0_0
Ron Paul: The Woke Fed. President Joe Biden has ordered the Financial Stability Oversight Council to prepare a report on how the financial system can mitigate the risks related to climate change.	0_0
Chernobyl Alert and The Doomsday Clock. By Robert HUNZIKER.Like the mythical Phoenix, Chernobyl rises from the ashes.A recent... Surge in fission reactions in an inaccessible chamber within the complex is alarming scientists that monitor the ruins of the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine.	0_0
Tucker: 1/6 Commission Aimed at Anyone Who Stands in the Way of Democrat Agenda.... CARLSON: Heres a story for you.A mysterious letter appeared on Capitol Hill this week.It was addressed to every member of the U.S. Congress.	0_0
Oxygen levels declining in hundreds of lakes across US & Europe over last 40 years. Oxygen levels have dropped in hundreds of lakes in the United States and Europe over the last four decades, a new study found.	0_0
"Dramatic" increase of landslips in UK's Brecon Beacons. Standing in front of a giant, orange scar in the side of Cwm Crew valley in the southern Beacons, he points to the stream below which carries landslide debris into the nearby Cantref reservoir.It supplies drinking water for Cardiff and parts of Swansea."	0_0
EU looked at importing 70 million Africans by 2035, says German MEP Gunnar Beck, denouncing disastrous new migration pact. A leading figure in Alternative for Germany, tipped for victory in a German election this week, Gunnar Beck is attacking the EUs deeply dangerous migration pact before its enacted under cover of a feelgood summer.	0_0
Farmers now eyeing chicken eggs produced in a sustainable manner. ) Organic eggs have been a longtime staple in a number of supermarkets, being purportedly raised in better conditions than their conventional counterparts.But a new kind of egg good for both consumers and the Earth itself is slowly gaining ground.	0_0
Biden Launches HHS Office to Address Climate Change as a Public Health Threat. Despite crises at the border and in Afghanistan, the Biden administration is busy expanding the federal government as the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) announced on Monday the creation of a new office tasked with treating so-called climate change as a public health threat.	0_0
TECH TALK: As climate warms, Nostromo Energy fights back with ice. One of the major takeaways from the recent Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) report is that many of climate changes effects can no longer be reversed, serving as a sobering wake-up call for policymakers and power players that the time to act was yesterday .	0_0
De Blasio Floats Travel Bans for climate change Storms. New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio (D) on Friday suggested invoking travel bans ahead of future extreme weather in his city.	0_0
55 Things We Are Told the 'Whole-of-Government' Is Doing. But its meaning is unclear, and the number of issues the whole of the government is said to be working on at any given moment is staggering.The whole of our government appears to be extremely busy and one could be forgiven for wondering why we have separate departments if all of the government does everything.	0_0
Pope Francis Calls for Adoption of Environmentally Sustainable Lifestyle. Rome Pope Francis continued his environmental crusade Wednesday, urging Catholics to adopt a simple and environmentally sustainable lifestyle. Each month, the Vatican publishes the popes prayer intention for the month, together with a video of the pontiff elucidating that intention.	0_0
Chuck Schumer: 'Woe Is Us' if We Don't Act on Climate After Ida Floods NYC, Global Warming Is Upon Us. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) blamed climate change after Hurricane Idas remnants caused historic flooding in New York City, leaving multiple people dead.Woe is us if we dont recognize these changes are due to climate change.Woe is us if we dont do something about it quickly, Schumer said in a press conference.	0_0
Wut Afghanistan? Biden Deploys Kerry to China for Climate Talks. Kerry will meet with Chinese climate official Xie Zhenhua in Tianjin through Friday, following up on a meeting the two held in Shanghai in April.The Chinese Foreign Ministry confirmed Wednesday Kerry arrived in Tianjin and talks were underway.	0_0
Biden calls for swift confirmation of Deborah Lipstadt to be antisemitism monitor. Biden said he launched his campaign in April 2019 in part because of his frustration with former President Donald Trumps failure to unequivocally condemn the deadly neo-Nazi march in Charlottesville, Virginia, in 2017.He said his children and grandchildren pressed him to run.	0_0
Joe Biden Offers 'Climate Dialogue' in Response to Ukraine President's Russian Pipeline Concerns. President Joe Biden met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky on Wednesday promising to focus on Ukraine developing more green energy even as Ukraine is deeply concerned about Russias Nord Stream 2 pipeline to Europe.	0_0
Nearly 500 Extinction Rebellion Activists Arrested in First Week of London Protests. During the first week of protests in London from the radical climate change alarmist group Extinction Rebellion (XR), nearly 500 activists have been arrested by the Metropolitan Police.	5_2
Mental Health Issues Rising over Climate Despair. Report: Mental Health Concern over Climate Despair Sweeps Nation Some people are so upset over climate change they are suffering from mental health concerns considered climate despair, a new Washington Post report said.	0_0
Pope Francis Decries Converging Crises of Hunger, Climate, Nuclear Weapons. In his address to a delegation from the Paris-based Fondation Leaders pour la Paix , the pope praised the group s honorable, peace-loving leaders from various parts of the world while highlighting the particularly critical historical moment in which we live.	0_0
Insulate Britain Climate Change Protesters Block Roads, Stop Actual Insulation Engineer From Getting to Work. Climate change activists from a group called Insulate Britain blocked roads surrounding Londons orbital motorway, and in the process stopped an actual insulation engineer from getting to work.Yes, really.	0_0
"BEST OF THE WEB: Larry delivers record-smashing summer snow to Greenland, +"Lives at stake" in European gas shortage. LARRY DELIVERS RECORD-SMASHING SUMMER SNOW TO GREENLAND Hurricane-force gusts topped 100 miles per hour at Kulusuk Airport near Greenland's southeast coast, while record-smashing accumulations of summer snow battered the world's largest island."	1_3
Three women shaking up Israeli politics: Shaked, Shasha-Biton, Zandberg. I didnt think Id be an MK or a minister as a child, Zandberg said.I kind of fell into politics.	0_0
Kim Jong-un Demands Urgent Action on Climate Change. North Korean Dictator Kim Jong-un Demands Urgent Action on Climate Change Korean Central News Agency/Korea News Service via AP.North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un called for urgent action on climate change at a meeting of his Politburo on Thursday, blaming disastrous weather brought on by climate change for North Koreas food shortages.	0_0
Medical Journals Call for Emergency Action on Climate Change. Fokusiert/iStock/Getty Images Plus An editorial published in more than 200 medical journals worldwide is calling for emergency action on the so-called climate crisis ahead of COP26, the United Nations-led conference that will be held in Glasgow, Scotland, later this year.	0_0
Mel Gibson: Targeting of Pious Catholic Priests by Church Establishment is a Very Deep Sickness. Movie director Mel Gibson has spoken out against the targeting of Catholic priests by the church establishment for merely trying to uphold the faith, describing it as a very deep sickness. Gibson said he personally knew many priests who had been cancelled, but not for anything that actually deserved condemnation.And whos persecuting them?	0_0
What Do Leading Democrats Really Believe? There is a well-known saying that people should be judged by their deeds rather than by their words, however fine the latter.If Americans followed this sensible advice, Donald Trump would still be President.Well, maybe not, but lets not talk about rigged elections.	0_0
White House Kills Video Feed of Biden Mid-Question During Idaho Fire Agency Briefing. White House staff cut the video feed during a briefing in Boise, Idaho, with federal and state fire officials on Monday, while President Joe Biden was in the middle of a sentence.The president visited the National Interagency Fire Center to highlight the dangers of wildfires in the West.	0_0
New York Passes Law Banning Sale of Gas Vehicles by 2035. The bill was signed into law by Gov.Kathy Hochul (D) on September 8 after it passed in both the New York State Assembly and the state Senate.According to the new legislation, all passenger vehicles, including trucks and cars will be required to produce zero emissions by 2035.	0_0
Life under the Great Reset: What the future might look like in 2021 if the controlling elites have their way. With vaccine rollouts underway, humanity looks set to win the fight against the coronavirus.But some elites planning a post-coronavirus 'Great Reset' don't want to go back to normal.Here's what they have planned instead.	0_0
Make London Live Again Corbyns Pro-Brexit, Anti-Lockdown Brother Running for London Mayor. Piers Corbyn, brother of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, has announced his intention to run for Mayor of London in this years' election.Piers Corbyn, brother of former Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, has announced his intention to run for Mayor of London in this years election.	0_0
"Lockdown Proponent Bill Gates Quietly Funding Plan To Dim The Suns Rays. Harvard project plans to test out a controversial theory that global warming can be stopped by spraying particles into the atmosphere that would reflect the suns rays."."	0_0
Humans of the GREAT RESET: What the Future Might Look Like in 2021 if the Controlling Elites Have Their Way. Vaccine passports, social credit scores, massive inequality, and environmentalist push to deindustrialize and limit meat consumption part of globalist scheme.With vaccine rollouts underway, humanity looks set to win the fight against the coronavirus.But some elites planning a post-coronavirus Great Reset dont want to go back to normal.	0_0
General Motors announces plans to phase out diesel and gasoline cars by 2035 and replace them with electric vehicles. ) General Motors has announced its plans to completely halt all production of gasoline- and diesel-powered vehicles worldwide This means that the company has over a decade to completely phase out the production of diesel and gasoline vehicles.The American carmaker will transition to producing more electric-powered vehicles.	0_0
Emotional Keystone Pipeline Worker Blasts Biden for Firing Workers by Signing a Piece of Paper. Just as Joe Biden started his new job as president, he used his pen to end the jobs of thousands by pulling the permit for construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline.Neal Crabtree is now unemployed and so is the team who worked under him.Bidens decision immediately cost about 11,000 jobs, many of them union jobs.	0_0
Climate Change: New Zealand to Phase Out Petrol Cars and Slash Cow Herds. (AFP) New Zealand unveiled a blueprint Sunday to phase out petrol-powered cars while its dairy industry, a key pillar of the economy, must slash cow numbers under the ambitious plan to be carbon neutral by 2050.	0_0
"Bill Gates wants to 'cover the sun' to help counter global warming. "You can't cover the sun with a finger", but maybe with science and technology yes.According to Bill Gates is funding a project that would dim sunlight in order to "cool" the Earth."	0_0
Let's appreciate how John Kerry wants us to sacrifice for climate change while he takes his private jet back to his mansion. America might be replacing faith in God for faith in the State, but it seems the false teachers of both religions look strangely the same.Take John Kerry, appointed by King Biden as the High Priest of Climate, as an example.	5_2
Bolivia Heading Towards Cooperative Politics and Economy. Half of the countrys revenues still come from natural gas and oil.Agricultural production is second.Arce wishes to diversify the economy, Ron Ridenour writes.	0_0
COVID-19 lockdowns in 2020 caused temporary global warming, study shows. ) When much of the world was plunged into lockdown last year as a result of the coronavirus pandemic, there was a lot of speculation that the lack of activity would benefit the environment.	0_0
Coalition Of The Margins Threatens Biden's Green Agenda. Big environmental groups have an ambitious agenda, but success requires satisfying their Black, Latino and Indigenous critics.By ZACK COLMAN.02/05/2021 04:30 AM EST.	0_0
UK: Govt to Probe Far Left Infiltration of BLM and Climate Change Groups. The British government is appointing an independent adviser on political violence and disruption to probe the infiltration of groups like Black Lives Matter and Extinction Rebellion by far-left extremists.	0_0
Fundamental Change: 52 Executive Orders and Actions Already Put into Place by Joe Biden. : Federal Mask Mandate President Biden required everyone to wear masks in Federal buildings and on Federal lands an order that he and his family promptly violated that evening during Inaugural celebrations.7.	0_0
U.S. avalanche death toll reaches 15 in a week - Colorado records 500 avalanches at the same time. In backcountry areas across the United States, from Alaska to Colorado to New Hampshire, hundreds of avalanches rumbled down mountains in early February, ending in the most deadly week for avalanches in more than a century.	0_0
'Climate Czar' John Kerry Took Private Jet to Receive Environmental Award: 'Only Choice for Somebody Like Me'. John Kerry, the U.S. special presidential envoy for climate under President Bidens administration who consistently sounds the alarm on the dangers of global warming, took a private jet to Iceland in 2019 to accept an environmental award.	5_2
Schumer: Combating Climate Change Whole of Senate Approach. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) plans to make combatting climate change a whole of Senate approach for however long Democrats retain the majority.Schumer, who leads a chamber split 50-50 between Democrats and Republicans, announced on Tuesday that he had instructed his partys committee chairs to make the issue a top priority.	0_0
Joe Biden and the Revenge of the Behaviorists (Why Statistical Thinking Can Get You Killed). In it, the philosopher and sometimes imperial grand strategist made the point that society has become far too complex to be left to democratic institutions.	0_0
United Nations Calls for Drastic Efforts to Curb Global Emissions. The United Nations said Tuesday the humanitarian consequences of the climate emergency will be far worse unless drastic efforts are made to curb global emissions.	0_0
Dem Sen. Tester: Was a Mistake to Halt Keystone Pipeline Construction -- Isn't Going to Turn Our Climate Around. Tuesday on CNNs Newsroom, Sen. Jon Tester (D-MT) acknowledged President Joe Bidens decision to halt the construction of the Keystone Pipeline XL was a mistake.	0_0
Wyoming Senator Barrasso: Bidens Energy Policies a Sledgehammer to the Economies of Western States. Sen. John Barrasso (R-WY) wrote in an op-ed on Monday that President Joe Bidens decisions to halt the construction of the Keystone XL Pipeline and stop issuing drilling leases on federal land will do great damage to the economies in many western states dependent on oil and gas revenues.	4_1
MA Climate Official: We Have to Break Your Will. David Ismay, the undersecretary for climate change under Massachusetts Gov.	0_0
Bill Gates and Neo-Feudalism: A Closer Look at Farmer Bill. Thomas Jefferson believed that the success of Americas exemplary struggle to supplant the yoke of European feudalism with a noble experiment in self-governance depended on the perpetual control of the nations land base by tens of thousands of independent farmers, each with a stake in our democracy.	0_0
U.S. Bishops Applaud Biden Executive Orders on the Environment. The head of the U.S. Bishops Committee on Domestic Justice and Human Development praised President Biden this week for the new administrations environmental priorities.	0_0
Historic Arctic blasts are about to engulf North America, Europe and Asia simultaneously: Grand Solar Minimum. According to the satellites, the global lower troposphere cooled rapidly during the past two months (Dec + Jan).	1_2
Biden Urges Defeat of Political Extremism at Prayer Breakfast. President Joe Biden urged Americans on Thursday to rally together and defeat the darkness, represented by political extremism, climate change, and racial injustice.Biden, who campaigned for the White House last year on a platform of restoring the nations soul, delivered the call while speaking virtually to the National Prayer Breakfast.	0_0
"Urban land development not "climate change" has resulted in shorter, more intense wet seasons in Florida. ) Cities and other urban areas are experiencing shorter, more intense wet seasons than underdeveloped and rural areas but its not because of climate change.A recent study from showed a trend of decreasing wet-season length in Floridas urban areas due to changing land cover over the past few decades."	1_7
The violent, racist, hate-filled content Twitter wont ban and Amazon wont deplatform. Gretas Soros Connections September 28, 2019.16-year-old climate change activist Greta Thunberg has quickly risen to become one of the worlds most prominent political leaders, inspiring a mass movement of millions seemingly out of thin air to combat the problem of global warming.	0_0
Scientists claim that terraforming the Earth can pave the way to terraforming Mars. ) It was not long ago that scientists had casually and derisively dismissed chemtrails as a mere hoax.Yet as more talks of so-called climate change and space colonization come to the fore, its becoming increasingly apparent why geoengineering practices like aerosol spraying might really be a distinct possibility.	0_0
Climate change is near the top of President Joe Biden's priorities. WASHINGTON Shortly after his victory in the presidential election, Joe Biden signaled that his first year in office would be, first and foremost, focused on COVID response, including ramping up vaccination efforts and working with Congress on a $1.9 trillion relief package.	0_0
IRGC-made militias the most dangerous of all Iran-backed groups - study. Militias manufactured by Iran s Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) are the fastest growing category of Iranian-backed militia in the Middle East, and pose the greatest threat to the regions stability, according to a new report from the Tony Blair Institute for Global Change.	0_0
"Bill Gates' "block the sun" SCoPEx balloon launch experiment in Sweden hits a snag as environmental groups express criticism. ) A controversial solar geoengineering project has been criticized by environmental groups in Sweden.Scientists from the Stratospheric Controlled Perturbation Experiment (SCoPEx) have planned to launch a high altitude balloon in June 2021 from the northernmost Swedish town of Kiruna, located in Lapland province."	0_0
Delingpole: Climate Deaths 'Will Be Worse than Covid' Claims Mark Carney. He told the BBC that while there were parallels between the Covid-19 pandemic and climate change, damage to the environment and ecosystems has the potential to cause many more deaths.One of the biggest issues is you cannot self-isolate from climate, he said.That is not an option.	0_0
Democrats' climate agenda will mimic their COVID tyranny. ) If youve enjoyed the last 10 months of foolish, science-denying lockdowns and mask mandates, the widespread destruction of businesses and economies, and the government telling you what jobs are essential and how you are to conduct yourself in your own home, then you must absolutely love the Democrats climate agenda.	4_1
Bill Gates, a Beyond Meat stakeholder, wants all first world countries to eat synthetic meat. ) Microsoft co-founder and billionaire eugenicist Bill Gates recently MIT Technology Review about his latest plan to convert all first world Western nations to a steady diet of fake meat.	0_0
Bill Gates Blames Natural Gas Plants For Causing Deadly Power Outages in Texas. On Saturday, US President Joe Biden declared a major disaster in the Lone Star State allowing the government to allocate more funds to help millions of people affected by severe winter storms.	0_0
Our Descent Into Collective Madness. In response, are we focusing solely on upping the daily vaccination rate?Getting the country back to work?Opening the schools as the virus attenuates?	0_0
More than 2.9 Billion People to be Without Water in the Next 10 Years. As the world faces a multitude of crises, from economic to social and political, another crisis is waiting in the wings, a ticking time bomb, waiting to catch us on our blind side.Water is something we cannot do without for even a single day.	0_0
Facebook will debunk myths about climate change, stepping further into 'arbiter of truth' role. The social media giant said it is adding a section to its climate change information hub that will features facts with accurate information about misconceptions and falsehoods.	0_0
Facebook Says It Will Fact Check Global Warming 'Misinformation'. Tech giant Facebook recently stated it plans to start adding information labels to posts about global warming that direct people to a climate change information hub. George Mason University, the Yale Program on Climate Change Communication, and the University of Cambridge will all contribute to Facebooks program of fact checking.	0_0
Why greens love lockdown. Over the past year, the response to the Covid-19 pandemic has caused untold damage to people's lives.Discussing whether draconian policies are effective, or whether there may be other ways of managing the crisis, has been muted by angry ripostes - you will be branded a 'denier' or a 'granny-killer'.To disagree is to have blood on your hands.	0_0
Bill Gates on Climate Change: 2050 the Soonest Realistic Date for the World to Change. During an interview that aired this week on Fox News Sunday, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates addressed climate change on the heels of the winter storm in Texas.According to Gates, who recently published the book How to Avoid a Climate Disaster, 2050 is the soonest realistic date for the world to change due to climate change.	0_0
The Texas blackouts were deliberate. ) Had China Joe simply signed off on Texas request to up its energy generation maximum from 60 percent to full capacity in anticipation of the recent polar vortex disaster, the Lone Star State never would have suffered any blackouts.	0_0
Stephen Moore: Biden's 'Climate Change' Policies Erase U.S. Energy Independence, Lock Down Trillions in Natural Resources. The Biden administrations energy policies, ostensibly pushed to combat climate change, will erase American energy independence and prevent the development of multitrillion-dollar domestic resources, said Stephen Moore, economist and coauthor of on SiriusXMs Breitbart News Sunday with special guest host Matt Boyle.	4_1
Schumer: Texas Ignored Climate Change I Hope They Learned a Lesson. Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY) hopes the brutal winter storm that left dozens dead in Texas will teach the state a lesson about climate change.The New York Democrat made the unseemly remarks during a press conference Sunday.	0_0
BEST OF THE WEB: If, as the Buddhists suggest, we should 'drive all blames into one,' we may as well blame the Great Reset for our dystopia. The Great Reset is on everyone's mind - or should be.It can be blamed for woke madness, cancel culture, Covid lockdowns, Antifa/BLM riots, Big Tech censorship, and the endless propaganda coming out of mainstream media.	0_0
"Man who doesn't believe in settled science on gender, unborn babies or economics claims 'science on climate change is settled'. Local man Trevor J. Gavyn pleaded with his conservative coworker to "believe the science on climate change," though he himself does not believe the science on the number of genders there are, the fact that unborn babies are fully human, and that socialism has failed every time it has been tried."	0_0
Bill Gates: 2050 Soonest Realistic Date for World to Change to Avoid Climate Disaster. During an interview that aired this week on Fox News Sunday, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates addressed climate change on the heels of the winter storm in Texas.According to Gates, who recently published the book How to Avoid a Climate Disaster, 2050 is the soonest realistic date for the world to change due to climate change.	0_0
Bill Gates Goes Full Captain Planet, Wants To Change 'Every Aspect Of Economy' While We Dine On Fake Meat. Changes we'll need to make in order to realize Gates' vision include: Allocating $35 billion per year on climate and clean energy research.Electric everything.Widespread consumption of fake meat , since cows account for '4% of all greenhouse gases.'	0_0
Conservatives, Energy Sector Oppose Neera Tanden to Head OMB. Opposition to President Joe Bidens nomination of Neera Tanden to head the Office of Management and Budget is growing because of her record of supporting far left-wing policies as president of the Center for American Progress (CAP).	0_0
Bill Gates goes full Captain Planet, wants to change 'every aspect of economy' while we dine on fake meat. Microsoft founder Bill Gates is pushing drastic and 'fundamental' changes to the economy in order to immediately halt the release of greenhouse gasses - primarily carbon dioxide - and 'go to zero' in order to save the planet from long-prognosticated (and consistently wrong) environmental disaster.	0_0
The Mechanism of Invisible Empire. When the whole society becomes a theater of absurdity, the puppeteers become kings and queens of insanity.The society loses its logic, history, facts, honesty, sincerity, creativity and imagination, as the monstrous imaginations of the deranged ruling class devour humanity and nature.	0_0
Deforestation in US can lead to cooler planet, NASA funded study finds. New research by Christopher A. Williams, an environmental scientist and professor in Clark University's Graduate School of Geography, reveals that deforestation in the U.S. does not always cause planetary warming, as is commonly assumed; i nstead, in some places, it actually cools the planet .	3_1
How Conspiracy Theorizing May Soon Get You Labelled a Domestic Terrorist. Conspiracies for good and for evil do exist now, as they have from time immemorial, Matthew Ehret writes.The only question is which intention do you want to devote your life towards?	0_0
Indian Police Arrest Activist Tied to Greta Thunbergs Support of Farmers Protest. Police arrested Disha Ravi, 22, over the weekend in Bengaluru, where she resides.Authorities later transported her from the southern Indian city to the national capital for questioning.A New Delhi court on February 14 ordered that Ravi remain in police custody for five days.	0_0
GOP Report: Secretary of State Blinken Founded Firm That Received Chinese Money for DOD Research-Linked Universities. The Republican Study Committee (RSC) called out the weaknesses of the Biden administrations policy towards communist China this week, in part, by exposing the ties between several political appointees, including Secretary of State Antony Blinken, and Beijing.	0_0
Rob Reiner Attacks Rush Limbaugh as Purveyor of 'Disinformation' Day After His Death. A day after Rush Limbaugh died, Hollywood filmmaker Rob Reiner attacked the late conservative radio host as a purveyor of disinformation, saying that Americans must protect democracy from others like him.	0_0
"How Conspiracy Theorizing May Soon Get You Labelled A "Domestic Terrorist". Either way, it means that you have some major problems on your hands."	0_0
BEST OF THE WEB: How Conspiracy Theorizing May Soon Get You Labelled a 'Domestic Terrorist'. Conspiracies for good and for evil do exist now, as they have from time immemorial, Matthew Ehret writes.The only question is which intention do you want to devote your life towards?	0_0
Great Reset: World Economic Forum Hails Quieter Cities as Businesses Collapse. In the video, the WEF said that as a result of people using less public transport and factories closing down during the lockdown, noise and air pollution fell in cities throughout the world.	0_0
Tucker: Liz Cheney Decided to Obey Democrats, Media. CARLSON: When you think of an authoritarian leader, you picture some power-mad autocrat, working fiercely defend his own regime.You think of Nicolae Ceausescu pacing his study, steady, plotting diabolical new ways to smash the latest peasant revolt.And thats right, but its not the full picture.	0_0
"Gulf Stream System at its weakest in over a millennium, last significant decline recorded during the little ice age. "The Gulf Stream System works like a giant conveyor belt, carrying warm surface water from the equator up north, and sending cold, low-salinity deep water back down south."	0_0
EU Orders 'Right to Repair' on Durability of Some Consumer Electrical Goods. BERLIN (AP) Companies that sell refrigerators, washers, hairdryers or TVs in the European Union will need to ensure those appliances can be repaired for up to 10 years, to help reduce the vast mountain of electrical waste that piles up each year on the continent.	0_0
Pope Francis Warns of Second Great Flood from Global Warming. ROME Pope Francis has warned of the possibility of a second great flood, like that of Noahs time, if humanity fails to address global warming.Gods wrath is directed against injustice, against Satan, the pope states in a book titled Of Vices and Virtues due for release Tuesday.	0_0
"Great Reset: WEF hails 'quieter' lockdown cities, ignores business collapse. The World Economic Forum (WEF) faced a barrage of criticism before deleting a social media video which praised coronavirus lockdowns for "quietly improving cities around the world"."	0_0
Socialism On A Global Scale: Sky News Host Demolishes Davos Elites & Great Reset Scheme. Sky News Australia host Cory Bernardi has just taken a flamethrower to the global elite, telling us we need to be mindful of any organization with the term world in their name in a monologue which would never see the light of day in most Western nations.	0_0
Why Stakeholder Capitalism Is a Disaster for Entrepreneurs. During the 1990s there was a legal and philosophical idea, championed by Milton Friedman among others, that a corporation exists to serve the interests of the shareholders, being that they are the rightful owners of the corporation.Progressive thought leaders responded with the countertheory of stakeholder capitalism.	0_0
"Why "Stakeholder Capitalism" Is a Disaster for Entrepreneurs. During the 1990s there was a legal and philosophical idea, championed by Milton Friedman among others, that a corporation exists to serve the interests of the shareholders, being that they are the rightful owners of the corporation.Progressive thought leaders responded with the countertheory of stakeholder capitalism."	0_0
Nolte: Bill Gates Drinks Poop Juice and Pretends to Be a Scientist. Our fake media has spent a year ramping up the pretense Bill Gates is some sort of scientific expert, especially on matters such as the environment and the coronavirus.Bill Gates is not an expert.Bill Gates is a Bond villain who drinks poop.	0_0
Biden-Trudeau Roadmap Commits to Fight Systemic Racism, Climate Change; Excludes Keystone XL. U.S. President Joe Biden and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau released a Roadmap for a Renewed U.S.-Canada Partnership on Tuesday that commits to fight systemic racism and COVID-19, but ignores the Keystone XL pipeline.	0_0
Fundamental Change: 63 Executive Orders and Actions Already Put into Place by Joe Biden (Updated). : Federal Mask Mandate President Biden required everyone to wear masks in Federal buildings and on Federal lands an order that he and his family promptly violated that evening during Inaugural celebrations.7.	0_0
Eternal tilting at windmills. On February 18, UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres graced the world with another of his many uplifting speeches.Of the limited range of topics that are routinely broached climate change, discrimination, the pandemic and racism he chose to focus on the last of the mentioned.	0_0
The New Guardrails for Bidens Obama Interventionists. The devastation left by the Trump administration makes it nearly impossible for the Biden State Department to achieve a pre-Trump status quo ante.It might have come as a shock to the old Obama administration global interventionists who have landed top foreign policy positions in the Biden administration that the world has moved on from 2016.	0_0
Pope Francis: Coronavirus Pandemic Demonstrates the Earth Is Fragile. ROME Pope Francis said Monday the global climate crisis is much more complex and enduring than the coronavirus pandemic.It is not just human beings who are ill, the pope told members of the Diplomatic Corps accredited to the Holy See.	0_0
President Ader: Climate change set to be key issue in new US administration. .President Ader noted that the 2020 presidential election had been the first in which climate change was a major issue.President Janos Ader said climate change is expected to be among the most important issues on the agenda of the new US administration headed by President Joe Biden.	0_0
Plants blooming 20 days earlier over last 30 years. In an analysis of 60 pollen-collecting stations across the US and Canada, the pollen season is now 20 days longer on average than it was in 1990.The season is also becoming more intense, with significantly larger quantities of pollen being detected.	0_0
'How To Avoid Climate Disaster', the Bill Gates way. Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft Corporation and one of the world's richest men and philanthropists, has written a new book that hits the stores on February 16 th .Unlike his two previous books, this one is not about software and the digital revolution.	0_0
Two-Thirds of Austrians Say Coronavirus Restrictions Are Worse Than the Virus. Nearly two-thirds of Austrians believe that the economic consequences of Wuhan coronavirus lockdowns and restrictions will be worse for peoples lives than the virus itself.	0_0
No justification for linking climate change to global conflict, Russia tells UN Security Council. ) Vasily Nebenzya, Russias representative to the United Nations (UN), The council convened to discuss the impact of climate change on global security and peace.But no resolution recognizing climate change as a threat to stability is on the way after Russia warned against such a step.	0_0
Study: Mars was once habitable; atmosphere likely formed through the same process as Earth's. ) A tantalizing new study published in the journal Nature Astronomy suggests that Mars might have been habitable before.	0_0
Israeli and US ambassadors to UN discuss regional issues, racism. I had a great call today with @USAmbUN - the first of many no doubt!We discussed the critical issues on both our agendas: combatting climate change, racism and domestic violence, as well as working to expand the regional peace deals and see real change at the UN.	0_0
Pelosi Praises H.R. 1 as Means to Curb 'Misinformation' on Climate Change, Gun Control. House Speaker Pelosi (D-CA) on Thursday celebrated the House passing H.R.1, which the GOP warns will federalize state elections and lead to greater distrust in the U.S. election system, branding it as key to curbing misinformation on Democrat priorities such as climate change and gun control.	0_0
Gretas teen disciples host Israels first candidates environment debate. For years, environmentalists have tried and failed to convince Knesset candidates to join a debate focused solely on the environment .A group of teenagers succeeded in just three months.	0_0
Where are the climate warriors in decrying coronavirus mask pollution? ) In the United Kingdom (U.K.) alone, mask waste is now exceeding five Eiffel Towers worth of rubbish every single year.And yet we have not heard a peep from the climate alarmists about how all that filthy plastic pollution is destroying the planet at a catastrophic rate.	5_2
The Danger of Quirky Cults and Politics. The forces of democracy should be on vigilant guard against dangerous far-right cults and political movements today as much as they were during World War II, Wayne Madsen writes.The Donald Trump administration opened the door for quirky and crazy cults to dominate political discourse in the United States.	0_0
"BEST OF THE WEB: The Great Reset: Corporate Socialism, or 'Capitalism' with Chinese Characteristics. This is the vision of a blogger for the World Economic Forum (WEF).This report from the future to the past, our present, is not "a utopia or dream of the future," we are told."	0_0
"The Great Reset: Corporate Socialism, or 'Capitalism' with Chinese Characteristics. Welcome to my city - or should I say, "our city."I don't own anything.I don't own a car."	0_0
...Mistakenly Tells Migrants in Spanish Border Is Not Closed.... White House Mistakenly Tells Migrants in Spanish Border Is Not Closed White House National Security Council adviser Roberta Jacobson mistakenly told migrants that the Southern border was open, during the White House press briefing on Wednesday.	0_0
Why a Green New Deal Is More Expensive Than Joe Biden Realizes. One of President Bidens first executive actions was to declare January 27 Climate Day. This ad hoc holiday provided an opportunity for his administration to celebrate the latest rationale for economic central planning.The days festivities began with three executive orders on climate change, science, and technology.	4_1
The Social Cost of Climate Tyranny. The United Nations climate change lie is emerging as a contentious threat to the future of the United States.The Biden administration is temporarily returning to the Obama-era calculations of the social cost of greenhouse gases, driving Trumps cost of carbon dioxide from $7 to $51 a metric ton, and thats just the beginning.	4_1
Scientists stunned to discover plants beneath mile-deep Greenland ice. In 1966, US Army scientists drilled down through nearly a mile of ice in northwestern Greenland and pulled up a fifteen-foot-long tube of dirt from the bottom.Then this frozen sediment was lost in a freezer for decades.It was accidentally rediscovered in 2017.	0_0
Global Britain: Boris Johnson to Seek Deeper Trade Links with Communist China. Prime Minister Boris Johnson will seek deeper trade links with China, according to the new Global Britain policy paper released on Tuesday.	0_0
Pope Francis Calls For New World Order As Fauci Pushes Globalization. Both Pope Francis and Dr. Anthony Fauci are endorsing globalism as an answer to COVID-19, climate change, poverty and other issues.In an interview with Italian journalist Domenico Agasso , set to be released Tuesday, Pope Francis promotes the World Economic Forums Great Reset agenda.	0_0
Dem Senator on Hot Mic: Need to Use Reconciliation Again for Transportation Bill. The hot mic exchange occurred on Monday in Maryland at a UPS facility with Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg.Ultimately its going to be put together similar to the coronavirus legislation, Cardin said.	0_0
Video: Fauci And Chuck Todd Say More Pandemics Coming Because Of Climate Change. Appearing on NBC News Sunday Dr Fauci and host Chuck Todd declared that more pandemics are on the way because of climate change and the globalisation.The pair also agreed that a global health security network is needed going forward and that anyone planning to go back to their pre-pandemic life is being too hasty.	0_0
Twelve States Sue Biden Administration Over Executive Order on Climate Change. Photo: matt benoit / iStock / Getty Images Plus.A coalition of 12 states filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court of Eastern Missouri against President Joe Biden and several members of his administrations on Monday.	0_0
Biden and the Yellow Brick Road. Across the board, there probably is not enough majority to push through this new, 4IR Re-set at least for now.	0_0
Greta: Bidens Actions Not Nearly Enough to Fight Global Warming. Appearing Sunday on MSNBCs Mehdi Hasan Show , teenage activist Greta Thunberg said the science shows that President Joe Bidens climate change policies are inadequate.If Joe Biden called you and said he could wave a presidential magic wand, what you tell him to do? Nothing.	4_2
Guardian Promotes Global Lockdown Every Two Years To Combat Climate Change. The piece refers to study published in the Nature journal by a team of researchers at the University of East Anglia, who concluded that CO2 emissions need to drop by the same amount as they have during the recent lockdown period roughly every two years in order to offset global warming.	0_0
This must be the 'decade of action' on climate change, John Kerry says. (function (a, d, o, r, i, c, u, p, w, m) { m = d.getElementsByTagName(o), a = a || {}, a.trigger = a.trigger || function () { (a.trigger.arg = a.trigger.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.on = a.on || function () {(a.on.arg = a.on.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.off = a.	0_0
Pelosi: Climate Change Responsible For Crisis On Border. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi claimed Sunday on ABCs This Week that climate change is responsible for the surge of migrant children crossing the U.S. southern border.There are more children, about 600, 700 more children, unaccompanied children coming over the border.This is a humanitarian challenge to all of us.	0_0
Tories Call Halt on First Deep Coal Mine in Decades, We Must Satisfy John Kerry Says Fmr Chief Science Adviser. Boris Johnsons government has halted development of the first new deep coal mine in Britain for decades, after a former Chief Science Adviser insisted the country must satisfy John Kerry on its devotion to the climate change agenda.	0_0
Pelosi: Climate Change Causing Humanitarian Challenge at the Border. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) said Sunday on ABCs This Week that climate change has contributed to the surge of migrant children crossing the U.S.-Mexico border.Pelosi said, There are more children, about 600, 700 more children, unaccompanied children coming over the border.This is a humanitarian challenge to all of us.	0_0
"Den store nulstilling: Virksomhedssocialisme eller 'kapitalisme' med kinesiske egenskaber. Dette er en bloggers vision for World Economic Forum (WEF).Denne rapport fra fremtiden til fortiden, vores nutid, er ikke "en utopi eller fremtidens drm", far vi at vide."	0_0
...Blasts Climate Activist Hypocrites. ORLANDO, Florida Democrat climate activists, including John Kerry, the Biden administrations climate envoy, and former Vice President Al Gore, preach to the American people but fail to listen to their own recommendations, former Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) Administrator Andrew Wheeler told Breitbart News in an exclusive interview.	5_2
DOD: Climate Change Essential Element of Foreign Policy, National Security. The U.S. Department of Defense announced Wednesday it is assembling a climate working group following President Joe Bidens executive order.	0_0
"New research shows polar bears are "fat and healthy" despite modest ice loss in the Arctic. by the end of the century if climate change continues unabated.That is the narrative that climate alarmists have been using to shed light on the impact of so-called climate change."	3_2
Engdahl: The Great Reset is here - follow the money. The top-down reorganization of the world economy by a cabal of technocratic corporativists, led by the group around the Davos World Economic Forum - the so-called Great Reset or UN Agenda 2030 - is no future proposal.It is well into actualization as the world remains in insane lockdown for a virus.	0_0
Blue State Blues: 7 Political Problems Trump Fixed, and 3 He Couldn't. Democrats are trying to erase his achievements; President Joe Biden cannot even bring himself to acknowledge Trump by name for his success in producing the vaccines that are enabling the country, and the world, to overcome the coronavirus pandemic.	0_0
Climate Change - People between knowledge and belief - Documentary. 19.03.2021 Is the climate easily influenceable as politicians and the media repeatedly present it to us?For many people, the pre-chewed opinions of the relevant lobbyists are quite sufficient; for others, this topic seems too complicated to be dealt with thoroughly among themselves.	0_0
NFTs explained: What is a non-fungible token and why are Elon Musk, Kings of Leon and Jack Dorsey selling them. Another obscure abbreviation is taking the world by storm as speculators race to cash in, but not everyone is crazy about the new idea.	0_0
Climate change: Weakening in Gulf Stream points to dramatic tipping point. (function (a, d, o, r, i, c, u, p, w, m) { m = d.getElementsByTagName(o), a = a || {}, a.trigger = a.trigger || function () { (a.trigger.arg = a.trigger.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.on = a.on || function () {(a.on.arg = a.on.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.off = a.	0_0
Delingpole: World (Mostly) Puts Growth Before Climate as CO2 Emissions Soar Again. Global industrial carbon dioxide emissions in 2020 suffered their biggest drop since the Second World War but then bounced back in the final month, according to the latest data from the International Energy Agency.	0_0
A Green-Washed Global Economy A Delusion That May Crash It. Today, the western Establishment is implementing a double re-boot to its dilapidating legitimising myth, Alastair Crooke writes.Modernity and the Middle East historically have never made for comfortable bed-fellows.Nor has this tense co-habitation been an uplifting experience; far from it it has been hugely disruptive.	0_0
Bill Gates Project Aims to ool the Planet With Tons of Chalk Dust. A Bill Gates-backed project aims to stop climate change by dropping tonnes of chalk dust into the stratosphere, The Times reported.According to the newspaper, the initiative funded by several private donors, including the Microsoft co-founder, will be the first serious attempt to deal with the issue of climate change by dimming the Sun.	0_0
The Great Reset is Here: Follow the Money. The UN sustainable economy agenda is being realized quietly by the very same global banks which have created the financial crises in 2008.	0_0
Future hurricane seasons might start earlier, but not because of climate change. ) The Atlantic hurricane season doesnt officially start until June 1, but .	1_7
"First Details Of Biden's $3 Trillion "Build Back Better" Infrastructure Plan Have Just Leaked. Per the NYT, Biden's economic advisers are preparing to recommend spending as much as $3 trillion on an "infrastructure" package that also features some facets of the Green New Deal, and other progressive measures to help "narrow economic inequality."	0_0
Tuesday Live: Biden Plans $3 Trillion Spending on Climate Change & Economic Inequality. Terms of Service.DMCA.Advertise with us.	0_0
Lake Michigan deep water is warming and scientists don't know why - NOAA. This key finding may indicate some dramatic changes in the foreseeable future, as an increase in a lake's overall water temperature can lead to permanent changes in the water's seasonal mixing patterns.	0_0
Smart Cities: Digital Prisons of The Great Reset. Source: Derrick Broze, The Last American Vagabond The push for a Smart City future is being engineered by international organizations like the World Economic Forum, the architects of The Great Reset.( This is part 2 of our Smart Cities investigation.	0_0
Facepalm: AOC says calling 'surge' of illegal immigration is 'militaristic,' 'a white supremacist idea' -- Sott.net. Ocasio-Cortez commented on the ongoing crisis at the border Tuesday on Instagram.Ocasio-Cortez came under public pressure in recent days to sound off on the issue under the Biden administration after being an outspoken critic of former President Donald Trump's immigration policies.	0_0
How conspiracy theorizing may soon get you labelled a Domestic Terrorist. Source: off-guardian.org If you are starting to feel like forces controlling the governments of the west are out to get you, then it is likely that you are either a paranoid nut job, or a stubborn realist.Either way, it means that you have some major problems on your hands.	0_0
X22 Report: Expansion of the New Currency, Trump Revealed Part of the Plan. X22 Report Published March 31, 2021 The is now moving forward with their great reset, JY says climate change poses a tremendous risk to the country's stability.Trump is now showing the American people how and the will destroy the country.The people are now deciding, more and more are looking at bitcoin.	0_0
Human impact: 10 Great lakes around the world are starting to disappear. ) Lakes all over the world are decreasing in size due to the impact of human activities.The rate at which these bodies of water are disappearing is such that experts are warning that they could become a thing of the past in the future.	0_0
Build Back Better: Boris and Biden Plot Green Alternative to China's Belt and Road Initiative. Prime Minister Boris Johnson and President Joe Biden have begun plotting a green alternative to the Chinese Communist Partys Belt and Road Initiative in the wake of Beijing sanctioning a group of British MPs.	0_0
Lights Out: Vatican Observes Earth Hour of Darkness Against Climate Change. From 8:30pm to 9:30pm the iconic basilica was darkened as a symbolic gesture against climate change, joining monuments of cities across the globe that turned off their lights as well.	0_0
The Worst Week Yet: March 21-27, 2021. 2,154 words.Charlottesville Mayor Writes Weird Poem About How Charlottesville Rapes You.Unless things turn around right quick and proper, the city of Charlottesville, Virginia, will be seen as the Waterloo of white identity politics for the foreseeable future.	0_0
Bill Gates wants to release massive amounts of chalk into the stratosphere to block the sun what could go wrong? ) Microsofts founder Bill Gates is backing the development of a solar geoengineering project to .Scientists from Harvard University in Massachusetts who conceptualized the project said the chalk could act as a sunshade, triggering a global cooling effect that would help slow climate change.	0_0
"Bill Gates urges fans to eat synthetic meat to save planet, dismisses 'crazy conspiracies' about vaccines, 5G in Reddit AMA. Microsoft founder Bill Gates brushed away "crazy" conspiracy theories about himself, 5G and coronavirus vaccines during an 'Ask Me Anything' session on Reddit, where he promoted his new book and sung the praises of synthetic meat."	0_0
Sweden axes Bill Gates-funded Harvard experiment aiming to DIM THE SUN to fight climate change amid outcry from activists -- Sott.net. Sweden's space agency has called off a geoengineering experiment to determine whether blotting out the sun with aerosols could reverse global warming.Funded by Bill Gates, the project stoked fierce opposition from eco groups.	0_0
Good News: Bill Gates Geoengineering Plot To Block The Sun Is Scrapped.... An effort to dim the sun to stop global warming has been scrapped by the Swedish Space Agency, who announced that the program, funded by Bill Gates, has divided the scientific community and will therefore not be carried out.	0_0
Swedish space agency calls off inaugural test of Bill Gates' terraforming experiment that could doom planet Earth to mass extinction. ) The Swedish Space Corporation (SSC) on Wednesday, March 31, called off a landmark first test of a technology that globalists claim will slow global warming by dimming sunlight reaching Earth.The test was canceled following resistance from indigenous people and environmental groups.	0_0
The Promise & the Reality of Globalization | Counter-Currents. 3,746 words.The adherents of globalism believe they are closing in on the achievement of their grand design: the unification of mankind, sometimes also referred to as the New World Order.	0_0
Commerce Sec'y: We Won't 'Compromise' on Core Values Like Climate in Infrastructure Bill. On Wednesdays broadcast of MSNBCs The ReidOut, Commerce Secretary Gina Raimondo said that the White House is not going to compromise on core values in the infrastructure bill and meeting the challenges of climate change is a core value.Equity is a core value. Host Joy Reid asked, limate change is a big deal.	0_0
The flip side of the fight against climate change. In the wrong hands, even the brightest idea will turn into a weapon of mass destruction.There is no doubt that combating climate change is important.For too long humanity has mercilessly exploited the earth and its resources.	0_0
Government leaders worldwide debate future of green jobs after pandemic. In late January 2021, US President Joe Biden signed a number of executive orders supporting the fight against climate change, including halting new oil and gas drilling on federal lands and cutting fossil fuel subsidies.	0_0
GOP Lines Up Against Bidens Green Environmentalist Infrastructure Plan. President Joe Bidens infrastructure proposal is facing GOP criticism over divergent line items unrelated to classical infrastructure investment.	0_0
Kerry: US 'hopeful' it can work with China to tackle climate change. (function (a, d, o, r, i, c, u, p, w, m) { m = d.getElementsByTagName(o), a = a || {}, a.trigger = a.trigger || function () { (a.trigger.arg = a.trigger.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.on = a.on || function () {(a.on.arg = a.on.arg || ).push(arguments)}, a.off = a.	0_0
Bill Gates Geoengineering Plot To Block The Sun Is Scrapped... For Now. Source: summit.news An effort to dim the sun to stop global warming has been scrapped by the Swedish Space Agency, who announced that the program, funded by Bill Gates, has divided the scientific community and will therefore not be carried out.	0_0
As Russia Fortifies Border, Kerry Talks Climate with Foreign Minister. John Kerry, President Joe Bidens special representative on climate change, met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Tuesday for an impromptu meeting on the climate agenda in India.	0_0
"From the Notebook: Enter the Putinator -- Sott.net. When Biden called Russian President a soulless "killer" on ABC News, Putin responded with the most deft bit of diplomacy I've seen in quite a while, openly challenging Fungal Joe to a publicly broadcast debate of substantive issues, which Biden, of course, declined."	0_0
Biden Treasury Secretary Yellen Embraces Globalism, Calls for Global Corporate Minimum Tax - The New American. AP Images.In a pugnacious speech on Monday to the Chicago Council on Global Affairs an organization formed in 1922 as the Chicago Council on Foreign Relations President Joe Bidens secretary of the treasury, Janet Yellen, explicitly rejected the America First standard used by former President Donald Trump.	0_0
Kerry Hopeful to Cooperate With China on Climate. Is U.S. Playing into Beijings Hands? - The New American. AP Images.U.S. Special Presidential Envoy for Climate John Kerry said the United States was hopeful it could work with China to tackle climate change despite longstanding disagreements that have affected the bilateral relationship.Our hope is that were going to be able to deal with yes, China, Kerry said .	0_0
MSM Hypes Eating Bugs As Insect Protein Set To Become Billion-Dollar Market. The mainstream media is hyping the benefits of eating bugs while a new report shows the insect protein market projected to grow to billion-dollar size in the foreseeable future.	0_0
Americas Top Owner of Farmland: Bill Gates In Control of Food.Bill Gates is the biggest owner of US farmland, having amassed 240,000 acres.His influence in the world food systems is astounding.	0_0
'Risk Pool' to be Created to Compensate Nations Hurt by Bill Gates Venture to Dim the Sun to Cool Earth. As TFTP reported last year, it was reported that the top climate change scientist for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration received $4 million in funding from Congress along with permission to study two highly controversial geoengineering methods in an attempt to cool the Earth.	0_0
U.N. Demands Payments for Climate Schemes as Biden Readies for Return to Paris Agreement. The United Nations body charged with making the Paris climate deal work scolded the global community Sunday for.The U.N. body charged with making the Paris climate deal work scolded the global community Sunday for not making good on promises of financial aid.	0_0
Report: Joe Biden to Cancel Keystone XL Pipeline Permit on Day One. President-elect Joe Biden plans to cancel the permit for the Keystone XL pipeline on his first day in office, according to several sources.President-elect Joe Biden plans to cancel the permit for the Keystone XL pipeline on his first day in office, according to several news sources.	0_0
"Bernie: Well Probably Deal with Climate, Health Insurance in Budget Reconciliation. During an interview aired on Thursday's broadcast of CBS' "Late Show," incoming Senate Budget Committee Chairman Bernie Sanders (I-VT) stated that | Clips."	0_0
Melting icebergs key feature of an ice age, scientists find. Scientists claim to have found the 'missing link' in the process that leads to an ice age on Earth.Melting icebergs in the Antarctic are the key, say the team from Cardiff University, triggering a series of chain reactions that plunges Earth into a prolonged period of cold temperatures.	1_2
Kenya braces for return of devastating locust swarms. Swarms of desert locusts have reappeared in East Africa to the dismay of farmers and villagers who witnessed them wreak havoc on their crops and pasture in previous years.Locust swarms first soared in number in late 2019, as a result of unusual weather patterns amplified by climate change.	0_0
President Joe Biden: What are the top priorities on his agenda? Some of these orders, such as mandating wearing a mask on federal property, create a new policy.Others, such as rejoining the Paris Agreement and returning to the World Health Organization, reversed an existing policy set during the Trump administration.	0_0
Climate Change: Fred Singer's Classic Critique. Hot Talk, Cold Science: Global Warmings Unfinished Debate .Third edition.by S. Fred Singer with David R. Legates and Anthony R. Lupo Independent Institute, 2020 234 pages.	0_0
The Scourge of Anti-Government Libertarianism. It has been under governments committed to serving the needs of the people that the world has seen the advancement of public health, social security, reliable transportation services, and civil rights protections for minorities, Wayne Madsen writes.	0_0
Internecine and Existential Struggles in a Transformed World. The Blue State has it all.And now therefore, it owns any future breakages too, Alastair Crooke writes.The Blue State has it all.	0_0
Maurice Strong and the roots of the Great Reset agenda. According to such Great Reset luminaries as Bill Gates, Prince Charles, Michael Bloomberg, Mark Carney, and the World Economic Forum's Klaus Schwab, humanity is expected to solve the dual threat of COVID and global warming in one revolutionary sweeping reform.	0_0
Delingpole: China Coal Output Highest Since 2015 Despite Green Pledges. China's coal output has risen to its highest since 2015 - in contradiction of its claims that it is trying to reduce fossil fuel usage.	4_2
Why I Became a Covid Denier. There have been a wide selection of articles published here over the last year on Covid-19 and lockdowns.Since March, the thinking of many of us has evolved which has been reflected within the articles as time has gone on.	0_0
Democrat Majority Shifts Focus to Climate Action: We Are Now Thinking in Very Ambitious Terms. Democrat lawmakers plan to use their status as the majority party in both the House and Senate to focus on climate-related issues.	0_0
"'The glorification of violence and domination': Politician mocked for going on hysterical rant against pickup trucks. A politician who serves as a city council member in North Vancouver, Canada, triggered outrage on social media after he posted a picture of a large pickup truck on Twitter and captioned it, "The glorification of violence and domination.#unnecessary trucks #petromasculinity."	0_0
"Race, Gender Equality And Climate Change"Anti-White Biden Administration Comes For The Economy. Earlier, by Steve Sailer: Biden: Back of the Bus for White Men!Theres a great line at the beginning of Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade that has always stuck with me.After a young Indiana has been thwarted in acquiring a priceless artifact, the antagonist tells him, You lost today, kid, but that doesnt mean you have to like it."	0_0
Elon Musk: 100 Tesla Gigafactories Could Power The Entire World. Leonardo DiCaprio and Elon Musk convened in his Gigafactory to talk lithium ion batteries, climate change, and the future of alternative energy sources.Taking steps towards a future independent of fossil fuels is more important now than ever.THE GIGAFACTORY.	0_0
"Marc Morano: COVID-19 Lockdowns Set Precedent for Climate Change Lockdown. Marc Morano, founder of Climate Depot, warned that "climate change" would be used as a pretext for lockdowns as is being done with COVID-19."	0_0
Senate Officially Flips to Democrats as Warnock, Ossoff Are Sworn In. Sens.Raphael Warnock, Jon Ossoff, and Alex Padilla took their oaths of office Wednesday, officially flipping the Senate to the Democrats.Sens.	0_0
Globalists Hail Biden: EU Celebrates Having a Friend Back in the White House. Ursula von der Leyen hailed the prospect working with Biden on issues such as climate change and policing 'hate speech' online.European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said that with the inauguration of Joe Biden, Europe once again has a friend in the White House.	0_0
BEST OF THE WEB: After COVID, Davos moves to Great Reset. With the USA Biden Presidency, Washington has rejoined the Global Warming agenda of the Paris Accords.With China making loud pledges about meeting strict CO2 emission standards by 2060, now the World Economic Forum is about to unveil what will transform the way we all live in what WEF head Klaus Schwab calls the Great Reset.Make no mistake.	0_0
How to Best Defend New Zealand From Nuclear War and Climate Change. By Hugh STEADMAN.We often hear from Government and Media spokespeople about the need to support the international rules-based-order (IRBO).However, the question needs to be asked, just what rules is this order so vigorously promoted by USA, the UK, Australia, NZ, and other nations in Washingtons orbit based on?	0_0
Biden climate czar Kerry admits zero emissions in US wouldn't make difference in climate change. President Biden's climate czar, John Kerry, admitted Wednesday that the US reducing its emissions to zero wouldn't make much of a difference in the global climate change fight before pushing domestic manufacturing of electric cars and solar panels in favor of energy production.	4_2
Report: Joe Biden to Make Climate Change Policy a Top Priority. President Joe Biden is expected to announce sweeping policies on Wednesday to make so-called manmade climate change a top priority.	0_0
Bidens Plans to Limit Drilling Hit a Snag When Confronted with Ute Tribal Sovereignty. This week's clash over federal attempts to control tribal drilling rights highlights the importance of tribal sovereignty in limiting federal power.Within a day of the inauguration, the Biden Administration issues a bevy of new executive orders designed to please a variety of the Democratic Partys core special-interest groups.	0_0
Energy Council Sounds Alarm on Bidens Job-Killing Exec Orders. The American Exploration and Production Council said Biden's ban on federal land drilling leases is killing jobs and energy independence.	4_1
"Biden Executive Order Creates Civilian Corps to Fight Climate Change. President Joe Biden's administration plans to mobilize a new "civilian climate corps" to help combat climate change.President Joe Biden plans to create a New Deal-style Civilian Climate Corps to mobilize a new, diverse generation of patriotic Americans for the battle against climate change."	0_0
"...Biden Climate Orders Show His Relationship to Activists. On Wednesday's broadcast of MSNBC's "All In," Rep. Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez said she is "extraordinarily encouraged" by President Joe Biden's executive | Clips."	0_0
International Olympic Committee Pledges Reduction of Greenhouse Gases. On Wednesday, the International Olympic Committee pledged to reduce both its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by 45 percent.On Wednesday, the International Olympic Committee (IOC) pledged to reduce both its direct and indirect greenhouse gas emissions by 45 percent over nine years.	0_0
John Kerry, Jen Psaki Go Maskless at White House Press Briefing. Both White House press secretary, Jen Psaki, and special presidential envoy for climate, John Kerry, spoke without sporting masks.Both White House press secretary Jen Psaki and special presidential envoy for climate John Kerry spoke without sporting masks during Wednesdays press briefing.	0_0
John Kerry Among Global Leaders Who Joined Climate Summit. John Kerry, United States Special Presidential Envoy for Climate, on Monay took part in a global virtual climate change summit.	0_0
If we're STILL killing the planet even with massive lockdowns, are we going to have to die to save it? (Natural News) You would think that the nut job democrats would be all excited about the lockdowns and capitalism shutdowns all over the world.(Article by Liberty Paige republished from SteveGruber.com) And they are.But its not enough.	0_0
Vatican Calls for Unprecedented Collective Response to Climate Change. The Vatican has called for a responsible, unprecedented collective response to the momentous challenge of climate change.	0_0
"Race, Gender Equality And Climate Change"Anti-White Biden Administration Comes For The Economy. Earlier, by Steve Sailer: Biden: Back of the Bus for White Men!Theres a great line at the beginning of Indiana Jones and The Last Crusade that has always stuck with me."	0_0
Monarch butterfly population getting closer to extinction - less than 2,000 of western population counted wintering in California. The number of western monarch butterflies wintering along the California coast has plummeted precipitously to a record low, putting the orange-and-black insects closer to extinction, researchers announced Tuesday.	0_0
"Biden Calls Boris Before Other European Leaders to Plan 'Build Back Better' Agenda. Boris Johnson reportedly told Biden that his election represented a "moment of hope in a dark time" during a phone call on Saturday."	0_0
Situation Update, Jan. 28th - The Biden / globalist agenda to DELETE humanity through global extermination. (Natural News) To a person who doesnt understand the overriding global plan for mass human extermination, the events of the world make little sense.Why would governments intentionally weaponize covid lockdowns to harm their own economies?Why would coronavirus vaccines be deliberately designed to. )	0_0
Analysis: Biden's energy-restricting climate policies are a national security threat not climate change. (Natural News) Biden signs executive order on the national security consequences of climate change U.S.spies, analysts and policymakers will write the countrys first National Intelligence Estimate on climate change under an executive order President Biden plans to issue today...Much of Bidens.U.S.	4_1
"'No idea how skilled labor works'? John Kerry savaged for telling unemployed fossil fuel workers to go make solar panels. Kerry described Biden's climate crackdown as "what needs to be done" to "deal with this crisis" of climate change."What President Biden wants to do is make sure those folks have better choices," he said of the soon-to-be out-of-work oilmen and gas workers."They can be the people to go to work to make the solar panels."	0_0
What Rights Do Future Generations Have? Sometimes people claim the free market is unfair to future generations.Mises says again and again that capitalism is a system of mass production for the masses directed by the dollar-votes of consumers, and the consumers he is talking about are people who now exist.	0_0
Dictatorship by executive order: Biden signs even more EOs on 'existential' climate threat, Obamacare, abortion. US President Joe Biden has signed a series of executive orders designed to address climate change, including a new ban on some energy drilling.The orders aim to freeze new oil and gas leases on public lands and double offshore wind-produced energy by 2030.	0_0
In First Week As President, Joe Biden Tosses Women, Unions and the American People Under the Globalist Bus. Anything that remotely promotes the interest of the nation will be ostracized as racist and working to the advantage of white supremacist tendencies.	0_0
After COVID, Davos Moves to Great Reset. Source: F. William Engdahl With the USA Biden Presidency, Washington has rejoined the Global Warming agenda of the Paris Accords.	0_0
...Experts: Joes Foreign Policies Embolden Enemies of America. WASHINGTON, DC President Joe Bidens tenure will likely bring a return to the failed policies of the Obama administration abroad, conservative foreign policy experts predicted during a webinar on Wednesday hosted by the Center of Security Policy (CSP) think tank.	0_0
"The IDC's BA in Sustainability and Government: "Just Do It". We give them no leeway on their studies - they still must submit assignments and take tests a month from now.We did shift their exam time to 5.30 p.m. Israel time from 10 a.m., for students on the East Coast and European and Eastern countries China and Japan, says Yair."	0_0
"Arctic sea ice extent currently second-highest in 15 years, and growing... Arctic sea ice data is in plain view of the world's media, yet outlets would still rather quote activist-scientists than show an unambiguous chart.Articles of "catastrophic ice melt" still pepper the global news feeds, even as signs point to a cyclical shift in the northern polar region.I'm being consciously naive here."	1_1
...Republicans Unanimously Oppose After Record McCarthy Speech.... Not a single Republican voted for the behemoth Build Back Better Act on Friday after House Republican Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) delivered a record-setting eight hour-long speech.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) passed the mammoth $1.7 trillion Build Back Better Act on partisan lines, with bipartisan support against the legislation.	0_0
London School Changes Building Name From Winston Churchill To That Of A Black Football Player For Diversity. The children across school have been keen to change some of the names of the school houses to be more diverse, the school noted, adding We are pleased to be able to announce the name changes during Black History Month.	0_0
Not satire: Masks for cows aim to filter burps to curb greenhouse gas emissions. A company has developed a burp-catching device for cows in hopes that the invention will help curb greenhouse gas emissions.The U.K.-based startup ZELP or Zero Emission Livestock Project claims that its burp-catching masks will help slow the spread of greenhouse gas emissions, a key component in the force of climate change.	0_0
12 Gripping Music Videos That Challenged The Status Quo In 2015. While the year gone by became the year ISIS waged war on the world and was marked with unprecedented refugee crisis, shocking episodes of police excesses, violence against innocent unarmed black men and women, it was also a year that gave hope with the United States legalizing same-sex marriage and countries committing to curb global warming.	0_0
Eat the Bugs: EU Approves Mealworms For Human Consumption to Save the Environment. Yellow mealworms, which may be enjoyed as a crunchy meal or in ground up as protien powder has been cleared for human consumption by the EU.	0_0
How LewRockwell.com Kept Me Sane in 2020. This past year may well have been the greatest and most heroic for LewRockwell.com.It was a real separating-the-men-from-the-boys (or the-women-from-the-girls) moment.	0_0
California Is Worse Than You Think. My colleague from the philosophy department was becoming increasingly angry.He was trying to be polite, but it was clear that he was raging inside.After a few minutes, he smiled a very strained smile and excused himself.	0_0
California Is Worse Than You Think. If California voters and politicians do not understand the current crisis, we will see the continuous march to perdition as California politicians refuse to acknowledge that they are killing the geese laying the golden eggs.Our conversation was about California, or to be more specific, California governance.	0_0
Yellow mealworm 'safe' for humans to eat, says EU food safety agency. Yellow mealworm finger foods, smoothies, biscuits, pasta and burgers could soon be mass produced across Europe after the insect became the first to be found safe for human consumption by the EU food safety agency.The delicacies may not be advisable for everyone, however.	0_0
No Joke: AOC Blames Climate Change for Racial Injustice. During a press conference at the National Mall discussing a relaunch of the leftist Green New Deal, Congresswoman Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (D-NY) tried to make the case that climate change contributed to racial injustice in America.	0_0
Pope Francis Decries Earths Unprecedented Ecological Crisis. Human beings are inflicting serious wounds on the environment such as climate change, desertification, pollution and loss of biodiversity, the pontiff said in a message in preparation for the U.N. conference.	0_0
"BEST OF THE WEB: In these days of "Catastrophic Global Warming," the South Pole just suffered its coldest 'Winter' in recorded history. Anthropogenic Global Warming (AGW) is a control mechanism.It is a divisive, terrifying theory - and one they have the gall to blame entirely on us humans (which in itself is absurd).AGW is ideal for advancing their overarching Great Reset agenda, which includes depopulation."	1_2
Exclusive: Govt Will Brand Climate Change as a Public Health Issue to Expand Their Power, Says Baroness Fox The United Kingdom and governments throughout the world will try to brand climate change as a public health issue in order to expand their powers, as they did during the Chinese coronavirus crisis, Baroness Claire Fox warned.	0_0
"KKL-JNF, Ministry of Environmental Protection to lead climate action at Expo 2020. Tamar Zandberg, the Environmental Protection Minister said that DeserTech, "will enable the harnessing of Israeli experience and innovation for the benefit of all countries in the world, in our fight against climate change and its repercussions.This conversation will constitute a meeting point for technology, research and policy."	0_0
The Collision of Two Opposing Green Destinies: COP26 and East Anglias Fraud. With the world gearing up for Mark Carneys upcoming COP26 Climate Summit in the UK this October 31- September 12, 2021, it is worth asking: Will China and India collaborate with other nations of the multipolar alliance once more to save the world from a supranational world government?You may be asking what I mean by once more?	0_0
Carney: Teen Vogue Wants the Fed to Be 'A Force for Justice'. for Teen Vogue with the title What Is the Federal Reserve and Why Does It Matter? It manages to answer neither question correctly.In fact, the phrase monetary policy does not appear in the article at all.Theres no reference to the money supply or interest rates.	0_0
Climate Guru Greta Thunberg Gets Message from New Zealand Pizza Outlet: Go to Hell. Swedish climate change activist Greta Thunberg last week trashed leaders around the globe for not doing enough to fight so-called climate change and described their empty promises at a youth climate summit as blah, blah, blah. That includes President Joe Bidens climate change policies in his Build Back Better agenda.	5_2
Economist Compares Global Digital Currency to Tolkiens Ring of Power. But Sauron secretly forges an additional ring into which he pours all his darkness and cruelty, and this one ring, the master ring, rules all the other rings.When Sauron puts the master ring on his finger, he can read and control the minds of everyone wearing one of the other rings.The elves see through the dark plan and hide their three rings.	0_0
Free speech immunity: YouTube bans channels airing criticism of vaccines. ) YouTube continued the expansion of corporate censorship on the Internet with the .The company has banned channels associated with anti-vaccine activists like Joseph Mercola and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Once again, rather than rebutting or refuting claims made by others, many sought to silence those with opposing views.	0_0
BEST OF THE WEB FLASHBACK: When will we realize Bill Gates is dangerously insane? We're not going to get into the vaccine stuff, much of which is the product of Alex Jones-style conspiracy theories every bit as crazy as Gates is.There's a lot out there, though, and not all of it is good.Gates' influence with public health bureaucrats like Anthony Fauci, who he has clearly bought off, is something of a concern.	0_0
President Ader urges joint EU efforts to manage migration, climate change and public debt. During a meeting of the Arraiolos Group in Rome on Wednesday, President Janos Ader urged joint European Union efforts to manage migration, climate change and public debt.According to MTI, the president said the EU must enhance action against human smugglers and terrorists and it should expand resources available for rebuilding humanitarian zones.	0_0
Pandemic Politics... Democrats and GOP Are the Disease Party. Both parties in the United States are making the Covid-19 pandemic an even greater disaster.One from cowardice and the other from denialism.In the bitter, bipartisan cauldron of U.S. politics, it may seem odd to bracket the two main parties as being on the same side of a problem.	0_0
A Hinge Moment of History. It was certainly the weirdest year.It began with a supremely weird decision by the entire world, except China and Sweden, to tank the global economy.No one has ever done that before.	0_0
Joe Biden's Multitrillion-Dollar Domestic Agenda Faces Major Setbacks as He Pivots to U.N. President Joe Bidens domestic agenda faces major setbacks in Congress, as Democrats debate the timing and level of spending for his second budget reconciliation spending bill.	0_0
Joe Biden Serves Sandwiches to Union Workers on Labor Day. President Joe Biden celebrated Labor Day by delivering deli sandwiches to union workers in his home state of Delaware.	0_0
Is there any end to skyrocketing food prices? ) You may have begun to notice that certain foods at the grocery store are increasing in price due to inflation.And according to some speculation , there is no end in sight to the madness.	0_0
Biden declares 'code red' on climate change amid Arctic Sea ice EXPANSION... It's all a hoax. ) As President Biden toured damage from Hurricane Ida along the east coast last week, he did what all Democrat Marxists do: He exploited the disaster for political gain.	5_2
"EU to prioritize GLOBAL vaccination, von der Leyen says in State of EU address. Von der Leyen said Europe was the only region to share its vaccine stock with other countries and pledged an additional 200 million doses to low-income countries."I can announce today that the Commission will add a new donation of another 200 million doses until the middle of next year."	0_0
Potty-training cows - The MooLoo holds great pootential for reducing carbon emissions. Cows contribute massively to global emissions because of the greenhouse gases they produce.We're not talking hot air here.It's the No.	0_0
Insulate Britain Climate Protesters Once Again Block Insulation Engineers From Getting to Work. Climate change protesters representing Insulate Britain blocked a major motorway around London for the second time in three days, and once again stopped actual insulation engineers from getting to work.Genius.	0_0
Fighting Climate Change vs. Equity: Its Been White Workers, Particularly White Men, Whove Benefited From This Tremendous Opportunity. Fighting climate change via green energy is the most important thing in the world, except, of course, for hiring more black women to climb up hundreds of feet in the air to repair windmill turbines in the name of equity.Cmon, people, priorities!From USA Today Charisse Jones, USA TODAY Sat, September 11, 2021, 10:52 AM5 min read.	0_0
Nolte: Elites Violate Mask Mandate at Grotesque Met Gala. The maskless Met Gala once again proves that the science is clear.Masks only stop us, you and I, the little people, from spreading the coronavirus.However, Americas cherished left-wing elites are so unique and beautiful that the virus dare not spread through them.	0_0
Report: Young People Are Suffering Climate Anxiety, Majority Think Humanity Is Doomed. A growing number of young people are combating climate anxiety, and a majority think humanity is doomed, according to a study in Lancet Planetary Health Tuesday.	0_0
'Not a Joke' Joe Biden Argues for Billions of Green New Deal Spending to 'Save a Generation'. We have a chance, because of the work youre doing, to make some significant change and literally I know it sounds like hyberbole save a generation, Biden said after viewing wildfire devastation in California.Not a joke.	0_0
Guterres and the Great Reset: How Capitalism Became a Time Bomb. I am here to sound the alarm.The world must wake up.We are on the edge of an abyssand moving in the wrong direction.	0_0
Global Warming Could Trigger Change in Ice Age Cycle, Reports Suggest. Over the past three million years, the Earth has periodically plunged into an ice age.Although the planet is now in an inter-glacial period, the situation can change due to increased global temperatures, scientists say.	1_2
Delingpole: No, Earth Is Not In A Climate Emergency. There is no climate emergency, according to a study for the Global Warming Policy Foundation by independent scientist Dr Indur Goklany.Goklany concludes: While climate may have changed for the warmer: Most extreme weather phenomena have not become more extreme, more deadly, or more destructive.	1_7
Historic carbon dioxide levels have been much higher than now 'yet without ice ages'. Source: Sky News Australia Geologist Professor Ian Plimer says climate change cannot be driven by carbon dioxide emissions and the study claiming 97 per cent of scientists believe humanity is the cause of climate change is mainly touted by activists over scientists.	2_3
Global warming may have started before industrial revolution, study says. We cant have effects preceding causes, so something seems to be amiss with the human-caused warming dogma, if this study is correct.Studies of coral reefs in the Paracel Islands suggest that the South China Sea started warming up in 1825, at the start of the industrial revolution, according to a study by Chinese scientists.	2_1
"Global warming hoax from the same pathological liars who gave you the corona hoax. Mirror.Source GLOBAL WARMING HOAX FROM THE SAME PATHOLOGICAL LIARS WHO GAVE YOU THE CORONA HOAX https://t.me/marksteele5g/1539 Quote: "(None)" Do not take the COVID-19 test!Dr. Lorraine Day cites SILVIEW.media."	5_2
Climatist Exaggerations About Global Warming Greater Than Ever. .from Is there a danger that over-exaggeration about man-made global warming by green activists, academics, mainstream media, is leading to panic and thus fatal policy decisions?	5_2
UVM scientists stunned to discover plants beneath mile-deep Greenland ice. This article asserts that climate changes, namely warm periods that it tells us have happened many times before in recent history, can now be attributed to humans if they happen again.	2_1
Are you ready for the climate lockdowns? Last week President Biden signed an executive order to rejoin the Paris Climate Accords.This was a mostly symbolic gesture, as the same alarmism being pushed prior to the agreement in 2016 is still being pushed now while nation-states like China are still ignoring it.	5_2
Rickards Warns 'Green New Deal' Is Already Underway. By now, youve heard of the Green New Deal, an ambitious agenda to decarbonize the economy.	4_1
"Ridiculous Global Warming PROPAGANDA Video from 1988 - 2048. A video I taped back in 1988 that was on PBS that is NOTHING but PURE PROPAGANDA LIES, that is from the point of view of the future, the year 2048 in which they are suffering from the devastating global effects of so called "global warming" now called climate change because of the IPCC hacked email scandals back in 2009 and 2011."	5_2
The 1.5-degree global warming limit is not impossiblebut it soon will be, doomsayers fear. Perpetuating the myth of human ability to control the Earths climate, and comparing heavily adjusted temperature data to a time when there were few records of it on a global scale to refer to.What could possibly be less than credible there?	5_1
Tim Ball: The Evidence Proves That CO2 is Not a Greenhouse Gas. The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) claim of human-caused global warming (AGW) is built on the assumption that an increase in atmospheric CO2 causes an increase in global temperature.The IPCC claim is what science calls a theory, a hypothesis, or in simple English, a speculation.Every theory is based on a set of assumptions.	2_3
Manmade Climate Change; The Story & The Reality. Tomer (Tom) D. Tamarkin discusses the science, history, and politics of the AGW and manmade climate change alarmism debate.He explains the ultimate climate change alarmists goal: drastic population reduction and socialistic one world government.	5_2
Climate-Alarmist Junk Science and the Base-Line Fallacy. With the composite president known as Joe Biden pushing ahead with implementing the Green New Deal , the climate-alarmist industrial complex will be ramping up its propaganda to scare as many people as possible into believing that Planet Earth is about to burn up.	5_2
An Obama scientist debunks the climate doom-mongers. Another setback for the doomsayers, as some inconvenient truths flow in their direction.Meanwhile the US climate envoy comes up with the useless claim that You dont have to be a scientist to begin to feel that were looking at a trend line. A trend of ever-increasing vacuous climate sales talk?	5_2
The Hill: Older Generations Need To Sacrifice For The Young On Climate Crisis (scam) Or Something. Im not sure the writers of this screed really thought this through on the sacrifices part, but, they do enjoy linking COVID19 to the climate scam, and using it for their own nefarious purposes COVID-19 and climate change have multiple similarities.	5_2
Current climate model simulations overestimate future sea-level rise. Too much alarm coming from climate models, again.This new research finds some regions near Antarctica even cool under climate change.The melting rate of the Antarctic ice sheet is mainly controlled by the increase of ocean temperatures surrounding Antarctica.	5_1
New Deal Light: Beware of the American Conservation Coalition (climate alarmism premise ruinous). it is our moral responsibility to play a leading role in the response to the threats posed by climate change.Both inaction and unrealistic proposals are insufficient responses.	5_2
"The Great Nonsense Of "The Great Reset". By 1988, after more than a decade of warnings of a new ice age unless capitalism is destroyed failed to produce the desired result, many of these same scientists and bureaucrats all of a sudden began warning of an earthly apocalypse caused by global warming ."	5_2
Scientists try to explain why climate models cant reproduce the early-2000s global warming slowdown. Explanation, or vague excuses?They seem to be saying the models are a wonder, just a shame they dont reflect reality mainly due to pesky natural variation.	5_1
Reality of Climate Change v People Believe What They Want to Believe. QUESTION : You have been against the global warming agenda and often say that climate responds to standard cyclical events.Do you have any examples of this?PL.	2_1
Revealed: the BBCs guide for pushing climate propaganda. BBC staffers were recently taught how best to push messages about climate doom.So much for impartiality.Licence payers never agreed to this condescending nonsense.	5_2
Code red for politicians? Alarmist climate report fuels hysteria, but saving the planet is really about elites saving themselves. Yes, the world is getting warmer and greenhouse gas emissions are very likely to be the most important reason why.But that doesnt mean we should go along with the mad idea of net zero.The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) has just released the first part of its sixth assessment report the first such assessment for seven years.	5_2
The Atlantic: Climate Is The New Populist Wedge Issue. I was always skeptical of climate change.Until recently, I didnt write much about the issue, but I began to form my views on the subject during the climate alarmism of the 2000s.Back then, we were repeatedly told that the polar ice caps were on the verge of melting due to global warming which would flood our coastal cities.	5_2
Climate Skeptic Bjorn Lomborg Excoriates Scientific Communitys Hysteria. TRUTH LIVES on at https://sgtreport.tv/ The rest of us?Not so much.For us, we can rely on the common sense and logic of scientists like Bjorn Lomborg, the Danish climate skeptic who doesnt fit the preconceived notions that climate hysterics have of skeptics.	5_2
CRAZY: CBS blames climate change for resurrected Taliban, after blaming opium in 2015. http://www.dcclothesline.com.(Natural News) CBS News just proved how far down the whirlpool of nonsense its willing to go.The outlet actually blamed climate change for Afghanistans terrorism outbreak following President Joe Bidens massive foreign policy failure.	5_2
Hipster Climate Change Protesters Dumped 120 TONS Of Rubbish In London. As police stand by and allow hipster protesters under the Extinction Rebellion banner to bring London to a standstill again, it has been revealed that during protests two years ago, the climate change obsessed extremists dumped 120 TONS of garbage on to the streets.	5_2
Punishing Climate Policies to Fix Whats Not Broken. The higher global warming, the more rainfall, say climate alarmists then complain about droughts causing wildfires.Confused?Yes they are.	5_2
IPCC Caught Fiddling Its Apocalyptic Sea Level Claims. from More often than not, claims about climate change coming from the mainstream media and government agencies end up being the exact opposite of what the actual data shows.	5_2
Anger in the Climate Patch: Exchange with a Climate Alarmist/Forced Energy Transformationist. I keep saying to you, some of us are trying to help the U.S. adapt to a climate you knuckleheads cant seem to understand is changing rapidly because of your profession.Compete in a world where U.S. is an equal partner in opportunity.Not perish as a result of some delinquency. (Williamson, below) There is no climate crisis.	5_2
Record Coral Cover Of Great Barrier Reef Shames Climate Alarmists, Media. For example, coral growth rates have, if anything, increased over the past 100 years, and measurements of farm pesticides reaching the reef show levels so low that they cannot be detected with the most ultra-sensitive equipment.This data is good news.It could hardly be better.	3_2
Bill McGuire An alarmists take on climate breakdown. The latest shocking news about Gulf Stream instability reinforces the idea that we need to be more alarmist not less Bill McGuire is Professor Emeritus of Geophysical & Climate Hazards at UCL, and a co-director of the New Weather Institute.His current book is Waking the Giant: how a changing climate triggers earthquakes, tsunamis and volcanoes.	5_2
Psychological Warfare And Domestic Terror Black Ops That Began In The 60s. Global Gang Stalking Program (Mind Control) Is Global Communism. Tavistock Is Pushing The Climate Change Hoax And The New Age. Must See Videos! The New Age was set up by the United Nations to bring in their Humanistic One World Religion.Just like the Garden of Eden, the Serpent is still telling people that they can be gods.Henry Kissinger is the advisor to the Pope in the Vatican.	5_2
How Energy Transition Models Go Wrong. I have written many posts relating to the fact that we live in a finite world.At some point, our ability to extract resources becomes constrained.At the same time, population keeps increasing.	5_1
Ned Nikolov: Demystifying the Atmospheric Greenhouse Effect. Tallbloke writes: Ned Nikolov has produced a video explaining whats wrong with the currently fashionable radiative greenhouse effect hypothesis and laying out his and Karl Zellers better alternative theory which is supported by empirical data from across the solar system, rather than relying on the conjectures of C19th scientists.	2_3
IPCC: Atlantic Hurricanes/Tropical Cyclones Have Not Increased Since the Late-1800s. By The IPCCs latest report ( AR6 ) continues the claim that human CO2 emissions have caused earths climate to warmno shocker there.But the impacts this has had on Atlantic hurricane/global tropical cyclone activity may come as a surprise, at least to those who were duped by the narrative constructed over the past few decades.	1_7
Climate Cult Wont Give Up On Blaming Climate Crisis (scam) For Surfside Building Collapse. You know when anything happens the Cult of Climastrology will immediately link it to their cult beliefs, as I showed yesterday .The climalunatics are still going strong, but, not we have the media chiming in Could the increasing assault of climate change have contributed to Surfside condo collapse?	5_2
Top Physicist to Tucker Carlson: Climate Change Is Fiction of the Media, Not an Existential Threat. Every issue the left advances is a charade to impose totalitarian measures on free peoples.Think of the trillions the left has gifted itself at your expense using global warming garbage.Whole industries have been created (and vanquished) in the cause of climate crap.	5_2
Modern Climate Change Fear Mongering Exposed By 1970s Global Cooling Crusade. Alex Jones breaks down how the modern day global warming fear mongering campaign is just like the 1970s global cooling crusade: they're both about taking complete control of human activity.Save 40% on Survival Shield X-2 Nascent Iodine RIGHT NOW!	5_2
Physicist: Climate Change Is A Fiction Of The Media Politicians Have Never Read The Science. Climate change is a farce created by the media and the politicians it benefits, physicist Steven Koonin told Tucker Carlson in a new episode of Its a fiction of the media, he said.	5_2
Physicist: Climate Change Is A Fiction Of The Media Politicians Have Never Read The Science. from Humans Are Free: Climate change is a farce created by the media and the politicians it benefits, physicist Steven Koonin told Tucker Carlson in a new episode of Fox Nations Tucker Carlson Today. Its a fiction of the media, he said.And the politicians who like to promote that notion. TRUTH LIVES on at https://sgtreport.tv/ According	5_2
BC Heat Wave Caused by Natural Climate Variability, Not Global Warming: Extreme Weather Expert. As the intense heat wave in the western provinces eases its grip, a former Environment Canada research scientist says that this weather event, while unusual, was caused by natural climate variability and is comparable to heat waves that occurred in the 1920s and 30s.	1_7
UK Energy Crisis Shows Danger Of Net-Zero Emissions Policies: Aussie Senator. The push for to legislate a net zero emissions target has spurred discord from some government officials who firmly believe the climate policy could harm Australias energy security and industry amid the UK s own unravelling energy crisis.	4_1
Investigating the Mass Hysteria Over 1 Degree in Climate Change Since 1850. Lets discuss the Physical Science Basis for Climate Change and the media hype over the report.Inquiring minds are diving into the latest report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.	5_2
"Bill Gates: Covid Fearmongering to "Climate Change" Hysteria? RonPaulLibertyReport Will Covid tyranny usher in Climate tyranny?Will Covid lockdowns morph into Climate lockdowns?Will Covid lies be replaced by Climate lies?"	5_2
Reality of Climate Change v People Believe What They Want to Believe. by Stefan Stanford, All News Pipeline: QUESTION: You have been against the global warming agenda and often say that climate responds to standard cyclical events.Do you have any examples of this?PL ANSWER: If you look at the data objectively, you will see that from the great period of monument building during the stone	2_1
Climate, Covid, Control and Criminals. Op-Ed by Julian Rose Do not underestimate the mind bending power it takes to get ordinary folk to embrace the notion You will own nothing and you will be happy.If anyone says to you the weather extremes are a sure sign of global warming, its because they take this information directly from the media and assume it to be fact.	5_2
NASA RECORDED FIRE & CARBON MONOXIDE 2000-2017. CLIMATE CHANGE ?BS !USA ALONE HAS 1 MILLION FIRES ALONE EVERY YEAR ARE YOU PREPARED ?	1_7
Record cold and snow expected in Northern Hemisphere. The record was recently confirmed by none other than the climatological journalist Stefano di Battista, who has been watching and publishing research on Antarctic temperatures for many years.Battista also tweeted on October 1 that the average was -2.2 C below the average for the period 1981-2010 and -2.5 C for the period 1991-2020.	1_3
Fox News SPEAK OUT- People wake up before it is too late-MASS SOCIAL CONTROL. MASS SOCIAL CONTROL They will say global warming is killing us when in reality THEY are killing us with weather modification.yES, YOU READ RIGHT, GLOBAL WARMING DOES NOT EXIST-IT IS WEATHER MODIFICATION; HAARP.	5_2
Ice ages come every 11,500 years. The last ice age was 11,500 years ago. Do the math.	1_2
The bitter winter afflicting much of the Northern Hemisphere is only the start of a global trend towards cooler weather that is likely to last for 20 or 30 years, say some of the worlds most eminent climate scientists.	1_2
When I was a kid, we were having global cooling, and we were going to go into another ice age, and now weve switched it to now the Earth is warming.	1_2
discusses how local climate is what matters and how some locations have not warmed over the past few decades. Many places that have warmed almost always have some kind of landscape change around the weather stations that influence this.	1_4
The simple fact is that for the last 16 years the earths temperature has not warmed. Thats the facts...Now, theres no doubt that the the temperature has risen over the past 150, 200 years. Its most likely that human activity has contributed to some of that.	1_4
Many of the alarmists on global warming, theyve got a problem because the science doesnt back them up. In particular, satellite data demonstrate for the last 17 years, theres been zero warming.	1_4
Trumps nominee to run the space agency, Rep. Jim Bridenstine (R-Okla.), criticized climate change alarmists on the House floor in 2013 and claimed that global temperatures stopped rising 10 years ago.	1_4
This is the coldest winter weve had in years! So much for global warming.	1_3
Austria is today seeing its earliest snowfall in history with 30 to 40 centimetres already predicted in the mountains. Such dramatic falls in temperatures provide superficial evidence for those who doubt that the world is threatened by climate change	1_3
I do not believe in global warming... Weve had a very severe winter this year with 12-inch snows, so there is no global warming.	1_3
But CO2 is not a pollutant and it is not a poison and we should not corrupt the English language by depriving pollutant and poison of their original meaning. Our exhaled breath contains about 4% CO2. That is 40,000 parts per million, or about 100 times the current atmospheric concentration. CO2 is absolutely essential for life on earth. Commercial greenhouse operators often use CO2 as a fertilizer to improve the health and growth rate of their plants.	3_3
Contrary to what some would have us believe, increased carbon dioxide in the atmosphere will benefit the increasing population on the planet by increasing agricultural productivity	3_3
We are all aware that the green revolution has increased crop yields around the world. Part of this development is due to improved crop varieties and better use of mineral fertilizers and herbicides. But no small part of the yield improvement may have come from increased atmospheric levels of CO2. Plants photosynthesize more carbohydrates when they have more CO2.	3_3
I believe that the increase of carbon dioxide is not a cause for alarm and, in fact, will be good for mankind.	3_3
Carbon dioxide is plant food that doesnt harm anybody except that it might include temperature increases.	3_3
Corals, trees, birds, mammals, and butterflies are adapting well to the routine reality of changing climate	3_2
this change is fine, because animals and plants have adapted to shifts in CO2 concentration or temperature of similar magnitude. For example, dinosaurs thrived when CO2 levels were much higher than today in an ice-free world with high sea levels.	3_2
Warmer temperatures are also helping the country bring back the Greenland cod, a pivotal species whose total disappearance in the early 1990s was caused by overfishing and a four degree Celsius drop in the water temperatureand which deeply affected the countrys economy. Now that the seas around Greenland are at the highest temperatures since 1960s, cod are making their way back home, and some Greenlanders are reaping the rewards.	3_2
latest research demonstrates that in the short term, at any rate the temperature feedbacks that the IPCC imagines will greatly amplify any initial warming caused by CO2 are net-negative, attenuating the warming they are supposed to enhance. His best estimate is that the warming in response to a doubling of CO2 concentration, which may happen this century unless the usual suspects get away with shutting down the economies of the West, will be a harmless 1 Fahrenheit degree, not the 6 F predicted by the IPCC.	3_1
Negative climate feedback loops have beneficial results. Instead of continued warming, they spark a favorable chain of events that lessen the severity of climate change. Here are examples of negative feedback mechanisms for climate change: Increased cloudiness reflects more incoming solar radiation	3_1
Climate models used by the International Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) assume that clouds provide a large positive feedback, greatly amplifying the small warming effect of increasing CO2 content in air. Clouds have made fools of climate modelers. A detailed analysis of cloud behavior from satellite data by Dr. Roy Spencer of the University of Alabama in Huntsville shows that clouds actually provide a strong negative feedback, the opposite of that assumed by the climate modelers. The modelers confused cause and effect, thereby getting the feedback in the wrong direction	3_1
Even this modicum of warming may never be realized, however, for it could be negated by a number of planetary cooling forces that are intensified by warmer temperatures and by the strengthening of biological processes that are enhanced by the same rise in atmospheric CO2 concentration that drives the warming. Several of these cooling forces have individually been estimated to be of equivalent magnitude, but of opposite sign, to the typically predicted greenhouse effect of a doubling of the air's CO2 content, which suggests to me that little net temperature change will ultimately result from the ongoing buildup of CO2 in Earth's atmosphere. Consequently, I am skeptical of the predictions of significant CO2-induced global warming that are being made by state-of-the-art climate models and believe that much more work on a wide variety of research fronts will be required to properly resolve the issue.	3_1
Negative feedback refers to a cause and an effect, with the effect either inhibiting or limiting the occurrence of future causes. For example, when body temperature gets too high, humans will sweat. This sweat cools the body, preventing any more overheating from happening. Many deniers claim that negative feedback mechanisms will prevent the climate from becoming too warm.	3_1
"in physics (and in nature) the tendency is just the opposite: a "negative feedback" will occur as CO2 levels rise in other words, cooling mechanisms will set in. In the case of carbon dioxide and global temperature, "future CO2 has less impact on temperature than past CO2," he says."	3_1
Together, these two unaltered sea level datasets indicate that global mean sea level trend has remained stable over the entire period 1992-2007, altogether eliminating the apparent 3.2 mm/year rate of sea-level rise arising from the adjusted data.	1_6
Fishermen say the water depth has not changed. Distance to ocean or height above sea level from a particular property has not changed in 50+ years.	1_6
After 35 years of measuring sea levels worldwide, a Swedish expert reports that observational data seriously contradict the global warming scare scenario of rising sea levels.	1_6
Always the same thing: In about 1970, the sea fell about 20 cm, for reasons involving probably evaporation or something. Not a change in volume or something like that it was a rapid thing. The new level, which has been stable, has not changed in the last 35 years. You can trace it so very, very carefully. No rise at all is the answer there.	1_6
Rise of sea levels is 'the greatest lie ever told' The uncompromising verdict of Dr Morner is that all this talk about the sea rising is nothing but a colossal scare story, writes Christopher Booker.	1_6
Contrary to prevailing scientific opinion, a Climate Change conference organised by the University of Mumbai and the Liberty Institute, New Delhi, and INSTUCEN India study centre on Friday claimed that the sea levels were not rising and carbon dioxide did not pose a special threat to the climate. Sea levels in the Indian Ocean were not rising and cities like Mumbai, islands like Maldives or Tuvalu would not be affected at all, speakers stated.	1_6
"An analysis of the data shows that the mean sea level in Tuvalu is not rising at more than the historical rate. The causes of the problems that Tuvalu is experiencing are shown to be erosion and changes in the rate of replenishment of the freshwater lens. The dangers of ascribing the cause of problems to "global warming" are discussed in the context of Tuvalu."	1_6
He said that Global sea ice is at a record high, another key indicator that something is working in the opposite direction of what was predicted and there is a huge inconvenience that reality is now catching up with climate alarmists, who were predicting that the poles would be melting fairly soon.	1_1
"A global warming expert has made shocking revelations that the north and south poles are not melting. The scientist revealed that the poles are "much more stable" than climate scientists once predicted and could even be much thicker than previously thought, the Daily Express reported."	1_1
Now tests show the ice ISN'T melting: Sea water under shelf in the East Antarctic is still freezing	1_1
this latest research adds further proof to the unpredictability of the supposed effects of global warming and the Antarctic is actually growing and all the evidence in the last few months suggests many assumptions about the poles was wrong. He said that Global sea ice is at a record high, another key indicator that something is working in the opposite direction of what was predicted and there is a huge inconvenience that reality is now catching up with climate alarmists, who were predicting that the poles would be melting fairly soon.	1_1
Antarctica's ice isn't melting like we thought. A new study using NASA data shows it's melting in ebbs and flows, rather than consistently, which could mean we need to change models around sea level rise.	1_1
Ice is expanding in much of Antarctica, contrary to the widespread public belief that global warming is melting the continental ice cap.	1_1
According to the US National Snow and Ice Data Centre in Colorado, Arctic summer sea ice has increased by 409,000 square miles, or 26 per cent, since 2007 and even the most committed global warming activists do not dispute this.	1_1
This situation seems to be stable, suggesting that the melting under the ice shelf does not increase. The findings, a rare bit of good news after worrying signs in recent years of polar warming, adds a small bit to a puzzle about how Antarctica is responding to climate change - blamed largely on human use of fossil fuels.	1_1
Sea water under an East Antarctic ice shelf showed no sign of higher temperatures, first tests showed today. Despite fears of a thaw linked to global warming that could bring higher world ocean levels, tests conducted on the Fimbul Ice Shelf showed the sea water is still around freezing point. Thanks to sensors, lowered through three holes drilled in the shelf, scientists have discovered the water is not at higher temperatures widely blamed for the break-up of 10 shelves on the Antarctic Peninsula, the most northerly part of the frozen continent.	1_1
I fall into the second group of people who believe, as do many very credible scientists, that the earth is currently in a natural warming cycle rather than a man-made climate change	2_1
Climate change is natural and normalits happened at other points in history.	2_1
The climate's been changing a long time. There's always changes that take place	2_1
Sure the climate is changing, and one of the reasons is because the climate has always been changing. There has never been a time when the climate was not changing	2_1
The data does not support the premise that carbon dioxide emissions are playing a significant role in the world temperature variations. The temperature of the Earth has been changing over centuries with warmer and colder periods throughout history	2_1
Passing Observations 63. This is a long standing series of small items which have caught my eye or mind and which seem relevant, startling, amusing or all three.Occasionally, items which appear here may return as a longer piece.Mostly they will not.	0_0
Antonio Lettieri The assault on the CGIL, the Italian trade union confederation. On 9 October during protests in Rome against Italys vaccine mandates, demonstrators stormed and ransacked the headquarter of the CGIL labour union, an act not seen since the rise of Mussolinis fascists.Antonio Lettieri is Editor of Insight and President of CISS Center for International Social Studies (Roma).	0_0
Australian and New Zealand educators and parents support October 15 school strike. Parents and Educators from Australia and New Zealand have sent in messages of support for the global school strike being held on October 15.The strike was called by Lisa Diaz, a parent of two in the United Kingdom and a member of the SafeEdforAll (Safe Education for All) campaign group.	0_0
US-EU rift over relations with China widens after AUKUS pact. Recent weeks have seen mounting conflicts between Washington and the European imperialist powers over China.	0_0
Is the US Military a Paper Tiger? America is infested with Communist traitors like Joe Biden and the Chairman of the Joint Chief of Staff Mark Miley, left.His promotion of CRT and BLM have nothing to do with minority rights and.everything to do with destroying military effectiveness.	0_0
October 14th: Bidens America and the Conservative Resistance. Today, the President participates in a bilateral meeting with His Excellency Uhuru Kenyatta, President of the Republic of Kenya.	0_0
NA Proactive news snapshot: Cypress Development Corp., Wellteq Digital Health, Algernon Pharmaceuticals, Golden Tag Resources, Else Nutrition ... Cypress Development Corp said it has finished the assembly of the pilot plant at the companys Clayton Valley lithium project in Nevada.The new pilot plant is located inside a metallurgical facility approximately 100 miles south of the project.Cypress began purchasing items for the pilot plant in March and work progressed through the summer.	0_0
NA Proactive news snapshot: Esports Entertainment, Binovi Technologies, OTC Markets Group, Essex Minerals UPDATE ... Esports Entertainment Group Inc has announced fourth-quarter 2021 net revenue of $8.8 million, a 63% quarter-over-quarter increase, driven by its recently completed acquisitions of Helix eSports, ggCircuit, and BetHard.For f )al 2021, the company generated net revenue of $16.8 million. )	0_0
Woke Pope Meets Woke Pseudo-Catholic: Pelosi Has Audience With Pope Francis. My latest in PJ Media: One of the most relentlessly divisive and destructively uncompromising politicians of the modern age, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi (D-Absolut), met with Pope Francis Saturday morning and apparently came away dazzled by the experience.	0_0
Proof Global Warming Was created as a Depopulation Plan. Cofounder of Green Peace Patric Moore Destroys the Claim that Carbon Dioxide is Bad in under 5 minutes. All Life on Earth Depends on Carbon @OratorBlog. Heres what Mead wanted the atmospheric scientists to do: What we need to inventas responsible scientistsare ways in which farsightedness can become a habit of the citizenry of the diverse peoples of this planet.	3_3
The UN Food Summit Ignored Indigenous People and Pushed The Great Reset Agenda. The United Nations recently held the Food Systems Summit with a focus on transforming the global food systems, but activists and farmers are exposing the summit as an attempt at corporate colonization of the food supply.	5_2
Great People Cant Be Ruled: Free America From Little, Small-Minded, Ignorant Men. Free Born Americans must attack the Biden regimes fascism and state sponsored authoritarianism at every turn in the road and each time he and his handlers move against traditional America; freedom and liberty.	0_0
Wolfgang Streeck Zero for the left, no support for Paris, and the difficult task of getting Merkels boots on the ground. Translation by BRAVE NEW EUROPE.Among the many surprising results of the recent German elections was the near disappearance of the Left Party, i.e.die Linke.	0_0
Thawing Arctic Permafrost Could Spread Nuclear Waste, New Viruses, Study Warns. Thawing permafrost in the Arctic could be a potential spreader of nuclear waste and unknown viruses and bacteria, new research published in the journal Nature Climate Change said.Moreover, the bacteria from the melting permafrost could be resistant to antibiotics, the scientists warn.	0_0
No claim	0_0
you and your carbon fantasy is just that,total bullshit-name one thing that co2 is having... In the history of the world there has always been plagues and catastrophic events that have decimated humanity.Millions have died as the result of catastrophic events whether man induced or not .They have all left there mark on history.	1_7
Greta Thunberg has nothing to say on how to fix climate change (MIRRORED). Mirrored from You Tube channel Sky News Australia at:- Activist Greta Thunberg has nothing to say on what to do about climate change, according to Sky News host Rowan Dean.Shes got nothing to say about what is actually happening on climate change, Mr Dean said.	5_2
Right-wing Democrats dictate cuts in Biden social policy. The Biden administration has responded to pressure from a right-wing minority among House and Senate Democrats by slashing its proposed social spending increase nearly in half.	0_0
For Whom Does That Bell Toll? In the history of the world there has always been plagues and catastrophic events that have decimated humanity.Millions have died as the result of catastrophic events whether man induced or not .They have all left there mark on history.	1_7
Behind Closed Doors: Biden's Meeting With Pope Francis Lasted 90 Minutes. The meeting is the first in Biden's European tour, during which he is set to attend the G20 summit in Rome and UN Climate Change Convention in Glasgow.Biden's audience with Pope Francis began at around noon Rome time (10:00 GMT).	0_0
World Leaders Arrive in Rome Ahead of G20 Summit. Participants of the G20 Heads of State and Government Summit 2021 arrive ahead of the conference in Rome.The two-day summit is the final stage, at the leaders level, of the G20 process; economy and finance ministers typically also take part in the event.	0_0
"Kremlin: Putin to Join G20 Summit Online to Discuss Digital Economy, Pandemic and Climate Change. "They will exchange opinions about the global economy restoration, about ensuring the digital transformation and implementing the sustainable development goals."	0_0
Global Warming: Lies, Fraud and Hypocrisy in Glasgow. The residents of Glasgow should keep their hands on their wallets and handbags while the eco nutters are in town.Every liar, cheat and confidence trickster will be in Glasgow as a delegate attending the biggest global shindig since the last global warming conference.	5_2
Narendra Modi Meets Pope Francis in Vatican, Invites Pointiff to India. On Saturday, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met the head of the Roman Catholic Church Pope Francis for the first time in Vatican City as part of his Rome visit for the G20 Summit.Modi posted pictures of his meeting with Pope Francis on social media and wrote that he discussed a wide range of issues.	0_0
Symbolic Pics of the Month 10/21. from In this edition of SPOTM: Do you smell what The Rock is cooking?Hint: It stinks.Also: Halsey, Bad Bunny, Kanye West, and other stars prove that they are owned by the occult elite through subtle and overt symbolism.	0_0
The State of U.S. Policy Going Into U.N. Climate Summit. The 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference, coined COP26, begins Sunday, October 31st and runs until November 12th in Glasgow, Scotland.The summit was originally meant to take place last year, but the COVID-19 pandemic caused delays.	0_0
The Primary Key. In Michael Reuels book, Robin Hood Existed , he formulates an interesting analysis of ancient Robin Hood ballads by what he calls primary, secondary and tertiary keys within the ballads.The primary keys are a few common but essential features without which the ballads would dissolve into disconnected stories.	0_0
"Not Hyperbole" - Biden Warns House Dems That His Presidency Depends On New Spending Plan Vote. Update (1215ET) : Having explained to the American public how "17 Nobel Prize winning economists" believe this new spending bill will not be inflationary and will not raise the deficit (seriously), it appears President Biden is rapidly realizing just how serious an inflection point he is approaching."	0_0
Buffon Biden Heads Over To Europe Here Are A FewGolden Moments From The Past! Our buffoon in Chief, one Joe Biden, and his lackeys are headed out to Europe to sell America down the proverbial tubes.Biden leaves for Italy today.He is slated to meet with Pope Francis at the Vatican on Friday before kicking off meetings with leaders of the worlds largest economies in Rome.	0_0
October 30th: Bidens America and the Conservative Resistance. The Rasmussen Reports daily Presidential Tracking Poll, sponsored by Wayne Allyn Roots THE GREAT PATRIOT PROTEST & BOYCOTT BOOK: Because its Time for conservatives & patriots to fight back!, for Friday shows that 42% of Likely U.S.Voters approve of President Bidens job performance.	0_0
Why is the pseudo-left silent on Australias anti-democratic electoral laws? Australias pseudo-left organisations including Socialist Alternative and Socialist Alliance have said virtually nothing about anti-democratic electoral laws that were rushed through the federal parliament by the Liberal-National Coalition government and the Labor Party opposition in August.	0_0
CUSP: Beyond the Debt ControversyFiscal and monetary policy for the post-pandemic era. A perfect storm.The UK Government is facing three significant macroeconomic challenges in the aftermath of what the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) has called the largest peacetime economic and fiscal shock in three centuries.One of these is a rise in sovereign debt.	0_0
Guy Standing Care and the Pandemic. The dangers caused by the commodification of care Guy Standing is Labour economist and Professorial Research Associate at SOAS.Cross-posted from the website of the Progressive Economy Forum For three hundred years, care work and care labour have been woefully trivialised or ignored by economists.	0_0
BUILD BACK BANKRUPT: HOW BIDENS CLIMATE AGENDA WILL FINANCIALLY RUIN YOU | GLENN TV WATCH more Glenn Beck: https://blazetv.com/glenn Glenn reveals President Bidens radical climate agenda.Nothing else rivals this agenda within the Biden administration.THIS is their top priority, and the scope and cost are STAGGERING.	4_1
Nobel Prize for Worlds Worst Climate Model. Thats how it works in these days of non-stop climate tedium.Patrick J. Michaels reports at Real Clear Policy Nobel Prize Awarded for the Worst Climate Model.Excerpts in italics with my bolds and added images.	5_1
Laurie Macfarlane Tackling climate breakdown and delivering economic justice must go hand in hand. Next week more than 100 world leaders will descend on Glasgow for the 2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference, also known as COP26.The conference, which is the successor to the landmark Paris meeting of 2015, has been hailed as the most important climate summit in history.	0_0
Australian government deepens assault on democratic rights with voter ID bill. The Australian government is trying to ram through another blatantly anti-democratic measurea voter ID bill, intended to disenfranchise large numbers of working-class voters.Voters cast their ballots at the Town Hall in Sydney, Australia, in a federal election, Saturday, May 18, 2019.	0_0
Biden again lashes out against China over Taiwan. Speaking via video link at the East Asia Forum this week, US President Biden again condemned China over a series of issues, with Taiwan at the top of the list.	0_0
This is why they keep him away from the media.. A year ago, the Biden 2020 electoral strategy was to hide, blame it on the pandemic, and let Trump do all of the talking.The strategy was made possible by an assist from a media hysterically obsessed with everything Trump.The strategy worked.	0_0
WEEKENDER: They are really are taking the p*** now, by Wiggia. If nothing else, this government can be charged with not representing the people who voted for it.Hardly a thing they touch or mandate is what the people want.	0_0
"Cry Me a River: A Progressive Democrat Regrets Voting "No" on the Gavin Newsom Recall. As I reported yesterday, Governor Hair Gel is flying off to Glasgow, Scotland for the United Nations Climate Change Summit, despite the fact that we have a supply-chain crisis largely due to ships carrying goods languishing in the Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach."	0_0
The Plan to Ban Single Family Homes And Nice White Neighborhoods. They want to make White single family home neighborhoods a thing of the past using claims of racism and climate change.And what will replace it?High-rise pod living for the new diverse America where White nuclear families don't exist.	4_1
The Unholy Trinity of Social Control: Covid, Climate Change and CRT. Is it any wonder reports of mental illness have sky-rocketed in recent years when we are all constantly berated over what an awful state the world is in and how disaster is imminent unless our whole way of life is radically changed for the worse?	5_2
Sunday Six: Indefensible Military Actions As Chinese Aggression Intensifies. Parker: One of the earliest case studies for Covid occurred on the isolated ship of the USS Theodore Roosevelt .Composed of a crew of around 1,200 people, an outbreak of sorts occurred in spring of 2020 right when the supposed pandemic allegedly began sweeping the globe.	0_0
Richard Murphy The dead hand of German monetary policy is now to be found at the Bank of England and thats a threat to us all.	0_0
Incorporating Local Public Health Dynamics into The Rosen/Roback Spatial Equilibrium Model. Imagine if there is an infectious disease that spreads within cities but not across cities.Throughout the COVID crisis, the city specific infection rate has varied across cities at each point in time.	0_0
Live from Little Bear Sanctuary Special Guest Troy Akin 10Sept2021. Goldylocks Productions presents Live from Little Bear Sanctuary with Christopher Vane.Donate to this Show and Non-Profit Organization via Venmo: https://account.venmo.com/u/LittleBearSanctuary Add us to your Amazon Smile account: Special Guest: Troy Akin Eco Sports is a sustainable sporting goods company.	0_0
Futures At All Time High On Evergrande Reprieve Despite Intel, Snapchat Collapse. A choppy start to the session has seen European equities extend on opening gains (Stoxx 600 +0.8%) with the Stoxx 600 on course to see the week out relatively unchanged.After a marginally positive lead from Asia, European stocks picked up after the cash open with little in the way of clear catalysts for the surge.	0_0
"Trump: "A Week That Will Change History"- At The Precipice The Storm Has Arrived! Psalms 37:29. Judy Note: On Fri. evening 22 Oct. President Trump was scheduled to board Air Force One for places unknown in preparation for the Global Currency Reset of 209 nations."	0_0
Archbishop Vigano: The vaccine victims are sacrificed at the altar of Moloch. We are in a war of good vs evil, the deep state and deep church conspire against humanity. He Warns of the Coming Evil of Climate Change Tyranny.Archbishop Vigano is a Rare Religious Leader Who Dares to Speak the Truth.Even more Rare, He Actually Understands What is Really Happening.	5_2
Is Stagflation Here: Comparing The 2020s With The 1970s... Addressing these growing comparisons between the 2020s and the 1970s, last week Deutsche Bank's credit strategists Henry Allen and Jim Reid looked into some of the similarities and differences between that infamous inflationary decade and today.	0_0
"Jim Bovard: Down With Fraudulent 'Fair' Trade. When politicians call for fair trade with foreigners, they use a concept of fairness diametrically opposed to the words normal usage.In exchanges between individuals in contract law the test of fairness is the voluntary consent of each party to the bargain: "the free will which constitutes fair exchanges," as Sen. John Taylor wrote in 1822."	0_0
Build Back...You Know, The Thing: Americans Have No Idea Whats In Bidens Economic Plan. While Congressional Democrats spar over the ultimate size of President Bidens Build Back Better economic plan, Bloomberg astutely points out that Americans have no clue what theyre signing up for with their tax dollars.	0_0
Australia: School Strike 4 Climate promotes bankrupt appeals to government. A one-day walk-out of high school pupils last Friday was an abject display of the bankrupt perspective of various environmental organisations which seek to prevent any political action beyond fawning and pathetic appeals to the capitalist governments and politicians responsible for the climate crisis.	5_2
Climate change is really how to kill everyone through Healthcare.That democrats bill theyre trying to push through is written where you dont see what theyre saying because they dont want you to see what theyre saying unless you read between the lines.Child abuse education by vaccines that rewire their brains .	4_1
An interview with Australian historian Mark Cryle on the origins of Anzac Day. The World Socialist Web Site recently spoke with historian Dr Mark Cryle, honorary research fellow at the University of Queenslands School of Historical and Philosophical Inquiry.	0_0
The NWOs new truthbending target: dictionaries. Latter-day Winston Smiths have been busy regimenting news media, infiltrating Anglo-Saxon teaching methods, gagging truthsayers in social media and trying to Build Back Braindead Bonzothink for half a decade.There is no end to the realisation of Stalins maxim, He who changes the past controls the future.	5_2
RUMINT: Asian elders reject Khazarian mafia $150 trillion survival boondoggle. h/t JimStone The owners of the US Corporation and stage managers of the fake Biden presidency appear doomed after their $150 trillion plan to stave off bankruptcy was rejected by Asian secret societies.	0_0
"Build Back... You Know, The Thing": Americans Have No Idea What's In Biden's Economic Plan. While Congressional Democrats spar over the ultimate size of President Biden's "Build Back Better" economic plan, astutely points out that Americans have no clue what they're signing up for with their tax dollars ."	0_0
Pure Facts in Prophecy #5 - Ten Horns. 3 angels 666 7 year tribulation antichrist climate change Climate Sunday disasters end of world end times false prophet free speech mark of the beast New World Order one world government political corruption pope propaganda prophecy rapture scarlet signs of the end Socialism Sunday laws ten kings Vatican.	5_2
Bernie Sanders Starts Mentioning the Military Budget. Bernie Sanders has added the existence of foreign policy onto the bottom of emails like the one below, after having posted a video of himself quoting the usual Eisenhower quotes on military spending.These changes match the request made when World BEYOND War and RootsAction.org asked 100 prominent people to sign an open letter to U.S.	0_0
From Russia, with (Taliban) Love, by Pepe Escobar. Facing high expectations, a five-man band Taliban finally played in Moscow.Yet the star of the show, predictably, was the Mick Jagger of geopolitics: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.	0_0
'Royal Foot on the Gas': Commentators Welcome Queen's Windsor Drive-Around. The Queen was seen at the wheel of a green Jaguar, temporarily putting to rest fears over her well-being.	0_0
Is Climate Alarmism a religion? From Thousands of activists arrived in Scotlands largest city to make their climate change concerns known.They included Greta Thunberg who was mobbed as she arrived by train in Glasgow.The Swedish activist was surrounded by police, media and activists at the citys Central Station.	5_2
Ontario wants to use schools as vax locations in effort to jab kids age 5 to 11. UPDATE 10/29/2021: Joe Biden claims Pope Francis said he should continue receiving Holy Communion, despite the president's radical, anti-Catholic support for abortion.	0_0
Fully vaxxed White House press secretary tests positive for COVID-19. The Biden Administration press secretary issued a statement Sunday evening noting that she had been exposed to COVID-19 earlier last week, and had therefore opted not to accompany President Joe Biden on his two-week trip to Europe.Psaki said she tested positive for the virus on Sunday.	0_0
Is Climate Alarmism an Establishment Attempt to Restore Social Control? Does the UK need a referendum on climate change pledges?Critics say net-zero target has been imposed by elites without electoral mandate.27 OCT 2021.	5_2
Chuck Todd: Shocking NBC Poll Shows 71% Believe U.S. Is on Wrong Track Scary News for the Democrats By: Breitbart News, Nov. 1, 2021: NBC anchor Chuck Todd debuted a new poll on Sundays broadcast of Meet the Press which showed 71 percent of Americans believe America is on the wrong track.	0_0
The Biden Administration Admits They Are Killing the Economy for No Reason. Earlier today, the news media touted new commitments to fight climate change from the leaders currently meeting at the G20.Joe Biden had made that his top issue, as he skipped Halloween at the White House to head overseas.	4_1
Video: Pathetic Biden Takes 8 Pre-Approved Questions In First Conference For 108 Days. Joe Biden was wheeled out in front of the press to answer questions for the first time in well over 3 months, but again used cheat sheets and took a total of eight questions from pre-approved reporters.First, Biden turned up late to the briefing in Rome Italy, and bizarrely proclaimed I apologize for keeping you waiting.	0_0
Expert on U.N.s COP26: Climate Panic Is Bad for People and the Planet. As the United Nations COP26 summit gets underway on Sunday, a lone voice is pushing back on the existential threat of so-called climate change and most of the left-wing media, who will provide non-stop doomsday warnings.	5_2
BREAKING: Archbishop Vigano Chastises Pope for Calling Joe Biden a Good Catholic and Aligning Church with Lynn Forester de Rothschild and Others Pushing Climate Change and World Depopulation. by Jim Hoft, The Gateway Pundit: Catholic Archbishop Vigano released his statement regarding Joe Bidens visit to the Vatican.Earlier this morning Catholic Archbishop Viganon released his statement regarding Joe Bidens visit to the Vatican.	0_0
SEP electoral members speak out on Australias anti-democratic electoral laws and the socialist program to eliminate COVID-19. The Socialist Equality Party (SEP) is deepening its campaign against the anti-democratic electoral laws rushed through the Australian parliament on August 26.Behind the backs of the working class, the Labor Party joined the Morrison Liberal/National Coalition government to put these laws through both houses of parliament in less than 24 hours.	0_0
Bellevue Gold ends transformational quarter flush with cash and on track to be top 20 Australian gold mine. Bellevue Gold Ltd has rounded off what it calls a transformational quarter, with plenty of cash on hand and results from exploration drilling highlighting what the company believes to be strong growth potential for its Bellevue Gold Project in Western Australia.	0_0
...Caters to Climate Change with State-Mandated Carbon Reduction Programs.... Infrastructure Bill Caters to Climate Change with State-Mandated Carbon Reduction Programs Obscured in more than 2,700 pages of the U.S. Senates so-called bipartisan infrastructure bill is a plan for state-mandated carbon reduction programs.	0_0
Infrastructure Bill Includes Pilot Program to Track Your Vehicle Miles. Tucked away on page 508 of the U.S. Senates 2,700-page, so-called infrastructure bill , are the plans for a national per mile fee pilot program.And it is exactly what it sounds like the more you drive, the more you pay.More concerning than cost is privacy.	4_1
Boris Johnsons Climate Change Spokeswoman: Join the Green Party. Prime Minister Boris Johnsons climate change spokeswoman and former press secretary has caused her boss some embarrassment by suggesting people join the Green Party.When people say to me, What can they do?, they can do many things, she left-wing the Independent.	0_0
PICS: Death Toll Passes 180 Amid Storms and Flooding in Western Europe. Police put the toll from the hard-hit Ahrweiler area of western Germanys Rhineland-Palatinate state at more than 110 and said they feared the number may still rise.In neighbouring North Rhine-Westphalia state, Germanys most populous, 45 people were confirmed dead, including four firefighters.And Belgium has confirmed 27 casualties.	0_0
BEST OF THE WEB: Death toll exceeds 150 as Germany and Belgium hit by devastating floods. Authorities in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate said on Saturday morning that 93 people had died there, including at least 12 residents of an assisted living facility for people with disabilities, while neighbouring North Rhine-Westphalia put the death toll at 43.Officials warned the figures could rise further.	0_0
Russia using CLIMATE ENGINEERING to fight forest fires, sowing silver iodine into clouds from airplane to make it rain over blaze. Emergency workers responding to vast forest fires in a remote region of Russia have revealed they've been using climate engineering technology to trigger rainclouds and help fight the inferno spreading over thousands of hectares.	0_0
Slamming China Wont Save Fossil Capitalism From Itself. By Byeve OTTENBERG.Only the mentally impaired now doubt the reality of climate change.Only the ideologically blind question that human burning of fossil fuels has caused it.	0_0
Scientists warn CO2 and global warming biggest misdirection in scientific history. Switch to the dark mode that's kinder on your eyes at night time.Switch to the light mode that's kinder on your eyes at day time.Scientists warn CO2 and global warming biggest misdirection in scientific history.	5_2
Extreme weather has not increased in frequency or intensity over the past century. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) has said it is premature to conclude that human activities  and particularly greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming  have already had a detectable impact upon Atlantic hurricane or global tropical cyclone activity.	1_4
Global temperatures have been holding nearly steady for almost two decades, according to satellites from the Remote Sensing Systems (RSS) and the University of Alabama at Huntsville (UAH). So-called hottest year claimsbased on surface data dating only back to the nineteenth centuryare political statements designed to persuade the public that the government needs to take action on man-made climate change.	1_4
Since the late 1800s, the world has warmed by about 1 degree Celsius without significant adverse consequences. Even 1.5 degrees of additional warming by 2100 will have minimal net economic impact.	1_4